
[Kanye West]
Who's fault
[John Legend]
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call her names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call her names, names, for sure.
I'll call you bitch for short.
As a last resort, and my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long,
at the end of it you know we both were wrong.
But I love to play the blame game, I love you more.
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call her names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call her names, names, for sure.
[Kanye West]
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (else, else, else)
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and went and found somebody else (else, else, else)
fuck arguing or harvesting the feelings, I'd rather be by my f-cking self (self, self, self)
till about 2am and I call back and I hang up and start to blame myself 
somebody help
[Chorus - John Legend]
[Kanye West]
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
stick around, some real feelings might surface
been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom gripping you up, fuckin' and choking you
what the hell was I supposed to do
I know you aint getting this type of dick from that local dude
and if you are I hope you are have a good time
cause I definitely be having mine
and you aint finna see a mogul get emotional
every time I hear bout other nigga's stroking you
might say I hit you
he sitting there consoling you
rubbing my name through the mud
who's provoking you
you should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
now you noticeable and cant nobody can control you
1am and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brothers phone like what was I supposed to do
even though I knew, he never told the truth
he was just gon' say whatever that you told him too
at a certain point I had to stop asking questions
ya'll got dirt on eachother like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
dat ain't right girl
you getting blackmailed for that white girl
you always said Yeezy I aint you're right girl
you'll probably find one of them "I like art" type girls
all of the lights, she was caught in the hype girl
and I was satisfied being in love with a lie
and who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
for the pain and it poured every time when it rained
lets play the blame...
[John Legend]
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
[Kanye West]
Things used to be, now they not
anything but us is who we are
disguising ourselves as secret lovers
we've become public enemies
we walk away like strangers in the street
gone for eternity
we erased one another
so far from where we came
with so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
hatred and attitude tear us entirely
Chole Mitchell
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
no, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
and I know that you are somehwere doing your thing
and when the phone called it just rang and rang
you ain't pick up but your phone accidently called me back
and I heard the whole thing.
I heard the whole thing, whole thing, whole thing...
[Chris Rock]
Ohh my God..
Baby you done took this to the 'nother motherfuckin' level!
Now a neighbourhood nigga like me aint supposed to be gettin no pussy like this
God damn, god damn!, who thought you how to get sexy for a nigga?
(Yeezy taught me)
You never use to talk dirty, but now you god damn disgusting, My, my God, wha, where, where'd you learn that?
(Yeezy taught me)
Look at you mother fuckin' butt ass naked.. with them motherfuckin' Jimmy Choos on. Who thought you how to put some ... Jimmy Choos on?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yo you took your pussy game up a whole 'nother level, this is some Cirque 'u Soleil now!
You done went all porno on a nigger, okay? And I, I, I, I love it..And I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
How did you learn, how di'.. how did your pussy game come up?
(Yeezy taught me)
I was fuckin' parts of your pussy I never fucked before. I was in there like "ohh shit I never been here before. I've never even seen this part of pussy town before."
It's like you got this shit re-upholstered or some shit. What the fuck happened?
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
(Yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy.
And when I see that nigga Imma thank him. Imma buy the album, Imma download that motherfucker, Imma shoot a bootlegger!
That's how good I feel about this nigger.
Oww, I still can't believe you got me this watch. This motherfucker's the exact motherfucker I wanted!
Even with the bezel! this is the motherfucker I wanted. I saw this shit, I saw it,
Twista had this shit on in The Source. I remember, Twista had this motherfucker on in The Source.
That's right, that's right! Yo yo babe, yo yo this is the best birthday ever!
Where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yeezy taught you well, Yeezy thought you well.