
I know it's past visitin' hours
But can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claimed her heart can't take the anesthesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
The little thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin'
Hey chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time?
Remember when I was nine?
Tell her everythin' gon' be fine?
But I'd be lyin', the family cryin'
They want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin' like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for Aids
And all the broke muthafuckers past away
You tellin' me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay?
But since she was just a secretary
Worked for the church for thirty five years
Things supposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin' to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse, "Did you do the research?"
She ask me, "Can you sign some T-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin' reefer?
You know see that we hurt, but still
I smile, the roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
I'm seein' it through your eyes
Can't wait for the clouds to break
Like outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heart beat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she's sleep, sleep, sleep
My mama say, they say, "She could pass away any day"
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-Rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off for work
Plus my aunt Shirley, aunt Beverly
Aunt Claire and aunt Jean
So many aunties, we could have an auntie team
Feel like Amerie, "It's this one thing"
When they said that she made it
Did you see the eyes gleam?
I think we at a all time high
To get there we run, we fly, we drive
'Cause with my family we know where home is
So instead of sendin' flowers, we the roses
I smile, roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
Seein' it through your eyes
Can't wait for the clouds to break
Oh, who will bring the sunshine?
Ooh, I smile, roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
Seein' it through your eyes
Can't wait for the clouds to break
I smile, when roses come to see me
[Incomprehensible]
'Cause roses brings the sunshine, say
Can't wait, I can't wait, aah
Can't wait, I can't wait, aah
Can't wait, I can't wait, no can't wait
Oh, for a sunny day, tell you mama can't wait
For the cloud to break, oh, no, no
Say, tellin' you the truth now
Sir, I can't wait, ah ah
I won't wait, no, no