
wheaties lyrics
[Tech N9ne]
My energy's pumpin, it's finna be something to see.
Cause when I be drunkin, it's sin to be humping with me.
If women be crunk and authentic, we jump in the B.
Then I'm in it, we bumpin to the finish.
T punching the V.
Like a prize fighter.
Eyes light up, 
When I glide by the thighs.
Try the size, why the cries?
Cause I be the Pied Piper.
Wide or tighter, 
I like a pie diver, prize swiper, 
Rider all night to the hide hiker.
I been away for a long while.
Sick of just being your phone pal.
You might be needing your long towels.
When I get to you, it's on now, wow.
Better gas up when you with the King Kong, girl.
Get it, pivot, women dig it, lick it, then I hit it.
Girl, that's my grown style.
I'm really gonna be living in what you're giving.
I'm all over you like I'm Peppy Le Peau.
Give me the goodies, I wanna know if you wanna get on top of me.
No, I gotta be when I'm stepping to you.
Give it away to Nina, repeat it, I feel it up when I beat it.
You never want me to leave, but you gotta please me thorough.
If you wanna piece of a gorilla, you want it with Tecca Nina, 
Better eat your Wheaties, girl.
[Chorus]
Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties
When you see me, 
It won't be easy
Yeah
Hope your intention ain't to tease me
You wanna please me
Better eat your Wheaties, girl
[Shawnna]
I know you want me baby.
Do I make you horny baby?
I can tell by your eyes, you want me to ride you like a horse, baby.
Better back up off me, baby
Oh, you're not the type to be scurred.
If you feel this, we can do it real big.
Maybe you can meet me in the back of the G4.
We can do it in the lac on the d-low.
We can do it on the track for the people.
Seen you looking at the ass, we do it for the cash.
I throw it like craps at a sino.
Never had one like me, shorty.
When I'm done, wanna wipe it, shorty.
Maybe thinking that she's like me.
But you see, it's just unlikely, shorty
When I get him, I'ma hit him with rhythm.
And have him feeling like he never ever felt before.
Get up in him and I fill him with venom.
And have him chillin' and drilling me from the night to the morn.
Baby, you gotta be taking over me, part of me, pardon me.
I think he got me in the zone.
Love it when he call me on the phone.
He never been in love so much, but see your body in a thong.
He like to put the nookie in his face.
And every time I get out of line, he like to put me in my place.
He put me in the A, or should I say the 745.
Gotta.45 chillin' in the safe.
So whatcha wanna say? Your boy wanna see me.
He tryin' to meet me cause I'm on TV.
Better believe I want you, and I finna come through cause I ate my Wheaties.
[Chorus]
Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties
When you see me, 
It won't be easy
Yeah
Hope your intention ain't to tease me
You wanna please me
Better eat your Wheaties, girl
[Tech N9ne]
Since I got a super label, and
I got a big amount, I paid the hand.
So can a nigga get a table dance?
You looking hotter than Zatarains and I'm thinking of getting laid again.
I don't give a damn about who that belong to.
Don't keep the Nina waiting any longer.
Want to be the lucky one to get up on you.
Come on, shake your booty, baby, do that conga.
You don't wanna miss it, cause I'ma hit it terrific and I be so
Rugged, you love it.
I'm cock diesel.
Me so, horny but don't be thinking I'm evil.
Please your body, cause baby it's squizito.
Don't get it twisted when you get with a nice cat.
Give me what you want, cause they knowin you like that.
But get up in the sack, you won't be able to fight that.
Brace for your neck and your panties, a ice pack.
Eat them Wheaties and really you can get power.
Come in and get at you every mothafuckin hour.
Give you a lot of it then we get up in the shower.
Then hit Roscoe's on Sunset and Gower.
Imma leave for a minute but Imma be back.
You can videotape it, can't nobody see that.
Eat your Wheaties, cause everyday Imma need cat.
So if you looking to see me, you better eat that.
I'm comin to get it, just so you know.
Ain't no prison in the system that can hold a bro, no.
And I'm gonna hit, like I told you so.
Don't be actin' like you forgot it, you're supposed to know, yo.
[Chorus][2X]
Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties
When you see me, 
It won't be easy
Yeah
Hope your intention ain't to tease me
You wanna please me
Better eat your Wheaties, girl