
ok i say that shit again, i said it once before
i just - - i just - - i just - - i just want it all
i glist and shine wit miss's fine
model chick, big behind
bad enough to skip the line but to me she just a nine
i hop up out that double o you can call me mr. bond
bitch i am a monster i belong on district 9
catch me in my office....doin business
the fuck you doin?! BULLSHITTIN
i get all the eyes when i step inside and
they all arise when i am arivin
bring out the rozay and the ciroc and 
bring out the OJ like johnny cochran
I GUESS they on somthin cuz my neck look like horizon
just a million people behind me and i dnt have verizon
man im chillin wit my niggas nigga
and a couple cool bitches
whada fuck u doin?! BULLSHITTIN
me and my nikkkkkazzzzz say it aint Ton
hundred pretty girliess singin our songgg
yea i kick my feet up you cant say that i aint home
and i be blowin on that reefer u cant say that it aint strong and
she just -- she just --  she just-- she just want a long dick
i put it in her mouth and now that btich look like a conehead
when im done go ahead.....what the fuck this is?!
what the fuck you doin?! BULLSHITTIN
i hear -- i hear -- i hear man but that shit just dont compare
i tell you you the best, when im lookin in the mirror
by the time yall over here, im prolly over there
and by the time u ridin wat im ridin on im in the air
no wonder why my mind is so cloudy, im drowsy
my frequent flyer miles is in the thousies im outtie
somewhere chillin in maui swimmin wit the scuba fishes
wat the fuck you doin?! BULLSHITTIN
nigga i be splargin
i beg my pardon
cuz yalll niggas is starvin
lookin for a bargain
gone and roll that weed yea i think its time to spark it
cuz i be runnin thru them trees niggas call me tarzan
wat u think? we wont stop! gone stop?
silly hoe im livin out my dreams dont u dare hti that alarm clock
im laid up wit yo girlfriend u knockin like wat u doin nigga?!
im like fuck YOU doin?!?!?!?! BULLSHITTIN!!!
i hit u wit a amc, my nigga thats a full clip
and you could be like me if you just quit wit all the bullshit