
Girl I'll still kiss your the head in the morning
Make you Breakfast in bed while your yawning
And I don't do everything, how you want it
But you can't say your man, Don't be on it
[Hook]
Cause I know true love aint easy. And girl I know it's you, Cause you complete me. And I just don't want you to leave me, Even tho I give you reasons
[Chorus:]
Cause baby sometimes, I can tell just by your face this part of us been gone for so long. And I know there's no replacing what we had going on... for so long.
But When it hurts, I can make it better. Girl if it works, it's gon be forever. We been though the worst, Made it though the weather. Our problems and the pain... (pain), But Love Don't Change
[Jeremih - Verse 2:]
Girl you still hold me close when you see me. And you still make me know that you need me.
And I know sometimes you don't believe me. But you stay on my mind, So believe me.
[Hook]
Cause you have my heart don't break it (Oh no don't break it girl)
Cause when times get tough, Don't hate me (ohhhh)
And it all adds up, we gon make it (gotta make it)
Cause when you mad, I know you can't fake it (ohhhhhhhhh)
[Chorus:]
Cause baby sometimes, I can tell just by your face this part of us been gone for so long (so long). And I know there's no replacing what we had going on... for so long.
But When it hurts, I can make it better. Girl if it works, it's gon be forever. We been though the worst, Made it though the weather. Our problems and the pain... (pain), But Love Don't Change
[Jeremih - Verse 3:]
Hold me down and I'm gon do the same... for you love, I will do a thing... for you love, I want this together even though it get better... Or worst
[Chorus:]
Cause baby sometimes, I can tell just by your face this part of us been gone for so long. And I know there's no replacing what we had going on... for so long.
But When it hurts, I can make it better. Girl if it works, it's gon be forever. We been though the worst, Made it though the weather. Our problems and the pain... (pain), But Love
But When it hurts, I can make it better. Girl if it works, it's gon be forever. We been though the worst, Made it though the weather. Our problems and the pain... (pain), our Love wont... Change...