
Ya got uh, that's why you gotta fuck the industry, know what i mean, 'cause the industry's gon, the industry's tryin to fuck you
(you better ask somebody) [x2]
They want us in, now they want us out.  They cant keep us in, but they cant kick us out.  They wanna know what we all about.  Stand up and shout: FUCK THE INDUSTRY!! Fuck em high, fuck em all, fuck em Low, show to show, let em know, let em know what? FUCK THE INDUSTRY!
[tech nine]
You know what it is punk!
Time to get it poppin and get this bitch crunk!
Kansas City King with the kings, 
Causin' calamity, damnit,
We bring the beat, 
With just the right flow?
Yes with my crew, 
On some F.T.I. 2
Even though we underdogin'
Don't mean we underballin, and
On tour like a motherfucka gettin tha dough, 
Everybody know we come to ball, and
I've never had to explain, scared of these colors, scared of my brain, this fuckin' industry is scared of me man!
Been in this rappin game for 19 years
In 19 years it's been a minuet sinc ice and tears, these frighting fears, are here to make me strong as hell, superstar, i'll bring my partners along as
Well,
I thought i told yall, we roadhogs, fuck this industry, i fold yall, with this roll call! (Roll call!) 
Loc, lou, X, richtor, pak, bobby, tax, and tech, 
Independent figures, 'cause nigga we tha best
 They want us in, now they want us out.  They cant keep us in, but they cant kick us out.  They wanna know what we all about.  Stand up and shout: FUCK THE INDUSTRY!! Fuck em high, fuck em all, fuck em Low, show to show, let em know, let em know what? FUCK THE INDUSTRY!
 fuck em high, fuck em all, fuck em low, show to show, let em know, let em know what? FUCK THE INDUSTRY!
[d-loc]
Industry, a bunch of punks,
Garbage fools, eat em up,
Spit em out, on the floor,
Let em know, hit the fool,
Hit em high, hit em low,
Hit em good, here we go.
Hold em down, hurry up,
Dot his eye, split his lip.
Pick that shit up, where the kottonmouth kings and tech nine click, bitch! and we don't give a fuck!
If you want this shit, duece click! You don't want none dog I don't think you do, so shut the fuck up and relax, this is kottonmouth fool 
[richter]
I'm bout to help y'all understand where the fuck I'm commin' from, 
It's johnny richter, with the weed game, I'm a chosen one,
And that right there is the reason they pissed, 
I'm eternally ripped, and after that I'm fuckin' a bitch
I've been doin' this shit for 10 years! And I'm still here!
No I ain't goin' noware, lets make that real clear!
Tech nine and the KMK mob, we stay on our jobs
Mother fuckers, just check our carrers!
They want us in, now they want us out.  They can't keep us, but they can't kick us out! They wanna know what we all about! Stand up and shout: FUCK THE INDUSTRY!! Fuck em high, fuck em all, fuck em Low, show to show, let em know, let em know what? FUCK THE INDUSTRY!
Don't play their game, play your game..
Know what I'm sayin'? fuck the industry
That's what I say
[daddy x]
We got this weed, we got this industry scratchin' their dome
Packin boulders from coast to coast, every city's our home
You better ask somebody who holds the key,
You might be surprised to find it's x-daddy
I leave you laid out, played out
Reachin and graspin
Hopin to get a piece of this here underground action,
You should get bitch slapped just for fuckin' askin'
Then we'll leave you to burn like a chemical reaction
[d-loc]
Double dash, in that ass
Where the weed? Where the hash?
Light the blunt, im feelin good in the cut,
What the fuck?
Give it up, give it to 'em,
Set 'em up, roll right through
Knock em down, pick em up
Know he knows, that's how we roll
They want us in, now they want us out, they cant keep us, but they can kick us out!  They wanna know what we all about, stand up and shout: FUCK THE INDUSTRY!! Fuck em high, fuck em all, fuck em Low, show to show, let em know, let em know what? FUCK THE INDUSTRY!
[richter]
See I dont give a fuck about no magazine covers,
'cause the fans they love us, and my band, 
Well their just like my brothers from another mother
No other way to break it down, 
Just roll with us, its KMK and we come straight from p-town
[daddy-x]
Raise your joints up,  put 'em up high
Kottonmouth kings on the track with the greatest rapper alive
Tech nine with KMK fool! Who'd ya think.
You can skecth KMK across the rap wall now with permanent ink!
We survivors here, free and clear, no life im leadin' 
Just a sick beat laced, and a fat blunt to get weeded
Just a sick beat laced, and a fat blunt to get weeded