
Tech N9ne
KC PD you got a busta workin for ya
He be yappin to Hooters employees and alertin employers
Not to hang out with Tecca Nina cuz some investigation 
with with a yellow Hummer I got with drugs so I'm searchin for ya
Shut up and eat your Hooters chicken before I bomb you
Dont be hatin on me the bitches to get them on you
I aint got no yellow Hummer homie thats non true
King of KC rappers know that this ?? keep the 
Chorus
??? Pow Pow (x3)
If theres drama niggas coppin and poppin ??? out its the
??? Pow Pow (x3)
Kutt Calhoun mob these mothafuckas
Kutt Calhoun
Killer cities, killer psychos and gangsta niggas snitchin
on the block you loose your life over the ??? niggas whippin
in the kitchen that discovery will clear a niggas vision
when he sittin in the pen readin about everything he did
Its to the part where niggas never make it to preliminary
here is cause of loyalty thats broken in the syndicate
nowadays you shoot and if you kill a ??? ??? ??? manuscript
thats why i keep a Russian in possession on my person
my Kalashinkov will speak till ?? beat is talkin foreign
your ?? on a warrant, got no time to have my family
comin to no funeral, presume you'll just handle me
and this is how it is, when you livin in the Mid, killa city ???
Kansas City killa kids, so dont get it confused 
cuz we get it how we spit it all ??? cut pattern ????
when we trippin its
Chorus
??? Pow Pow (x3)
If theres drama niggas coppin and poppin ??? out its the
??? Pow Pow (x3)
Aint from around here know you about it to slide out
Tay Diggs let 'em have it
Tay Diggs
Yeah we runnin the crime rate
catch me on the e way doin a ?? feelin the gun spray
ya'll fucks with Tech N9ne and claps shit to the gun ??
its back to the checks mo baggies and mo K's
We hella old niggas hittin the ??? from ???
I'm on plate, im rappin for a reason
clappin for no reason I just love the desert eagles
and im fuckin with the mags i just love to plug my peoples
these suckas aint my evil, we live life fast
and they try to tell me stop, but all we know is gas
No brakes so catch me on the crip side
right up on the street, likes cannon on my hip side
I'm G maggin and my young life's maney
do whatever for the dough and we smokin on grates
reload that thang and I'll make ya'll a shake
for the mob and do the job and I ??? to survive, nigga
Chorus
??? Pow Pow (x3)
If theres drama niggas coppin and poppin while out its the
??? Pow Pow (x3)
Aint from around here know you about it to slide out
??? go get em