
M-M-MADNESS
From the depths of misery I stood? now and forever
Exodus, insanus, nocturnus
[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Alucard when I'm on stage
Alucard in the booth when?
When it's too right I be rippin the mic every day and every night a nigga won't lay
Down for no one towns to go fun down under surround the globe to flow some
Timeless lyrics I'm that spirit that keep it young but a old one
Handle my business other rappers have no stamina in this
They be livin glist and glam and they finish
But I've been in it since the man did begin it? in the shit
But why is the N9na so intricate
And his life is seemin so infinite
They call him a demon when he steadily feedin the needs and be? keepin? it limitless
I was back in the days when the rappin amazed
Everybody wanna rap? at the waves? a lot of the rappers up from the past went away
But I was there and nigga I'm still here the killa that been feared for livin in them years and leavin em in tears
Hella fast when he say the lyrical lash and with a passion he spray
Alucard in ya dreams everlastin life ain't hard as it seems
Part of the thing got me eaten rappers up if you step you gon start a machine
Losing so many lives all alone in the skies
I've been livin so long and this music was still goin through it seen so many die
[Chorus x2: Tech N9ne]
Alucard everlasting
Timeless bars when I'm rapping
All these stars never last
And I will still stand while everyone's passing
[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Been around for the rise and fall of many and standing up y'all
They was in the game heavy involved now you ain't livin at all
A lot of these people looked? dead to? me
Then I knew it would the heridity
They regretted me now they wanna know the secret to my longevity
I think it's in my blood my scent begins to flood
Everybody on the planet understand it I give them a drug
And I get no rest time until it? sets shines?
I say it's Alucard you call it Tech N9ne
By now you know I'm more than just a rapper
I will be now and yes I will be after
I am older than fuckin ghetto blasters
But they wonder why youngsters love me label me master
I am faster than all of you bastards
Livin at the bottom I got up and then a brought em a bullet from a gun I'm a long laster
Now you ask for explanation my last word
A-L-U-C-A-R-D read it backwards
[Chorus x2: Tech N9ne]
Alucard everlasting
Timeless bars when I'm rapping
All these stars never last
And I will still stand while everyone's passing