
[NOVA CASPER (rec Brighton England still has not been paid!!!!!):]
Diamonds are forever
they're all I need to please me
they can't stimulate or tease me
they won't leave in the night
have no fear that they might
desert me
[Kanye West & NOVA CASPER:]
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
throw ya diamonds in the sky
if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
the ROC is still alive 
everytime I rhyme
(Forever and ever!)
for ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever?
ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever?
Good Morning, this ain't Vietnam still
people lose hands, legs, arms for real
little was known of Sierra Leone
and how it connect to the diamonds we own
when I speak of Diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin bout the ones that be glown
I'm talkin bout Rocafella, my home, my chain
these ain't conflict diamonds,is they Jacob? don't lie to me mayne
see, a part of me sayin' keep shinin', 
how? when I know of the blood diamonds
though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today
over here, its a drug trade, we die from drugs
over there, they die from what we buy from drugs
the diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus Piece was so harmless
'til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
and here's the conflict
it's in a black person's soul to rock that gold
spend ya whole life tryna get that ice
on a polar rugby it look so nice
how could somethin' so wrong make me feel so right, right?
'fore I beat myself up like Ike
you could still throw ya Rocafella diamond tonight, 'cause
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
throw ya diamonds in the sky
if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
the ROC is still alive 
everytime I rhyme
(Forever and ever!)
for ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever?
ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever?
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back 
[Jay-Z:] (uh)
[Kanye:] that'll be the same day I give the game back 
[Jay-Z:] (uh)
[Kanye:] you know the next question dog 'yo, where Dame at?'
[Jay-Z:] (uh)
[Kanye:] this track the Indian dance to bring our reign back 
[Jay-Z:] (whoo!)
[Kanye:] 'wassup wit you a Jay man, are ya'll okay man?'
[Jay-Z:] i got it from here yay damn
Yep!
I got it from her 'ye damn!
the chain remians, the game is in tact
the name is mine, I'll take blame for that
the pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack? [laughs]
pardon me I had to laugh at that
how could you falter when you're the rock of gibralter
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water
this ain't no tall order, this is nothin to me
difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep, 
I sell kilos of coke. I'm guessin' I can sell CD's
I'm not a business man I'm a business, man
let me handle my business, damn!
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway and Foxy
YG', Teairra Mari, Petey watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
as long as I'm alive, he's a millionaire
and even if I die, he's in my will somewhere
so he can just kick back and chill somewhere, oh yeah
he don't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey was in the rear sayin exactly
what I was sayin practically me whole carreer
the diamond is forever, I been mindin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
people lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
instead we rose from the ash like a phoenix
if you watin for the end, the dynasty signed
and what seemed like forever is a mighty long time
I'm young, [laughs]
Goodnight!