
Why would you rather be?
Anywhere else with me?
I'd tell you ''Man it's all right here!'' 
where ever we are, where ever we are)
Check out the scenery 
We won the lottery 
I'd tell you ''Man it's all right here!'' 
And I can't believe you'd even think 
Of being in any place, Any place around here
The grass may be greener in the end I swear 
You'll be wishing you were here if you were there 
'Cause Where ever we go 
(where-ever we are, where ever we are)
(where ever we are, where ever we are)
(it's all right here) 
*Miley (speaking)* 
Excuse me Officer! 
If you're smart you know you 
wanna be In the mix of white hot energy 
It's all to welcome you Talk so good; 
it's moving way too fast 
If we could, I know we'd make it last 
It's all here for you! (It's all here for you!) 
It's all here for you! It's all right here 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) It's all right here! 
(It's all right here) It's all right here! 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) C'mon! 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) Come on, let's go! 
It's all right here! 
Any open road (any open road) 
Will take us anywhere 
And As long as I'm with you I won't care where! 
And we can choose the desert or the sea 
'Because the good times are in front of you and me (Me) 
Why would you rather be? 
Anywhere else with me? 
I'd tell you man it's all right here 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) 
Check out the scenery 
We won the lottery I'd tell you; 
''Man it's all right here!'' 
And I can't believe 
You'd even think of being any place 
Any place around here 
The grass may be greener 
In the end I swear 
You'll be wishing you were here If you were there 
You'd wish you were here, you'd wish you were here! 
And if I could make you wanna stay 
Just one more day Maybe everything would be okay 
C'mon, uh c'mon, uh Come on! 
It's all right here (wherever we are, wherever we are) 
(where ever we are, where ever we are) (it's all right here) 
It's all right here (wherever we are, wherever we are) (where ever we are, where ever we are) (it's all right here) Yeah!