
Catch me running to the money until my feet losse feelin.
stack it wall to wall till its leaking through the ceilin.
Man
All fucking hundreds so whats that like a zillion? working grave yard shifts cause were fitten to make a killin. 
Went from intern to the owner of the building. Bussin nuts counting money like owe what a feelin. 
To be seeing what I'm seeing after I've seen what I've seen its like acting out a scene from a dream of my dream. 
I got a dream that's worth more then my reality. And pride that's worth more then a salary. 
And a text from the girl I love I stopped calling
Quote I hope its worth all it.
Sometimes I feel I'm working just to work harder. And then work harder then who worked the hardest. man the life of a workeraholic .You either on your work or just workin on it.
Man fuck it kill'em all we gunna need a ton of flowers. And if you need a possibilie give me bout an hour. 
Its time to turn a polaroid to a portrait. 
Rockin strett clothes gettin money like a corporate. Youngen gettin it isn't life gorgeous. 
Bet the crib on em and you'll end up with a fortress. And ima need that new condo, town home, brown stone should I fuck with the dial jones.
Or maybe I'll put money on the block instead?
There's no need to save I could get change off the street next to the meter maid. 
Cause I need a maid house with a piece of shade. Butler doing such a good job that they need a raise. Bad chick with an angle ass and an alyiah face. Tryna show a little TNA.
Hell ya I'm tryna see the day 
Man
life is so bright when you don't see the grey. The blue school appointed me to lead the way. A real nigga to the DNA.
Me mike grace and dilla. Sticken to the script.and what's her name still licken on my tip. 
Gon a head and tell these bitches who there fuckin. Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks. Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks. Her mouth lookin like damn it. Because of me and canon and to get where we at she had to suck a hundred dicks.
Man I got on versace shades,
Versace belt, versace shoes. I might've fucked around and been the freshest nigga in the world today.
You dont understand man I came from nothing. This what I dreamed about. This what we dreamed about.
Boy.
By: KGHA