
The Martini.
In movie terms, directors use this phrase to describe the last shot of the day while on set.
The stories you are about to hear are true.
The names have been kept the same to reflect the Strange.
This is the Martini...
[Verse 1:]
This is Sam.
He was so in love with her, but she was young,
So that put her off in a jam,
Though, she was sweet as a yam,
She wanted to explore other options with her man,
Straight sending Sam into a rampage,
And no matter what his fam says,
He's lost without this woman,
And don't wanna live any damn ways,
Now he's thinkin', that he ain't gon' live,
She ain't gon' live,
And the other man's mercy, he ain't gon' give,
This what love do, it cops a .38 snub to,
Knock on ya door, and take somebody that used to love you,
Rub you the wrong way, then it's blood true,
Love through, she's slug one and he's slug two,
Then on a rainy evening, with a panicked feelin',
Went to her home and looked through the window and Sammy sees them,
The door's between her and the Necromancer,
And what you think is gon' happen if she answers?
[Chorus: ~Krizz Kaliko~]
Take a drink,
It's more than what you think,
I gotta let you know,
Don't plan on letting you go,
But if you have to leave,
That's where we'll end the scene,
This is the Martini.
Last shot's for you or me....
[Verse 2:]
Yo, This is Isaiah,
I guess he was aight, say a,
Lady's man, all the women used to call him the KCI Playa,
Flying multiple chicks in, give the stick then dismiss them,
But somethin's gonna happen that'll twist him,
He fell in love with a beautiful black woman,
But he ended up having a couple problems with that woman,
Talkin' to other men, did it behind his back on 'em,
Facebook, Computer love, crept on the Mac on 'em,
Now he's salty, cause he found the woman he loves is faulty,
He told her at the very beginning 'Don't You Ever Cross Me.'
Now that she did it, he plans to do something unlawfully,
Get a gun off the street, because he was treated so awfully,
One bullet for her, one bullet for him,
Crimes of passion, ain't no more pullin' for them,
And the worst way, we broke apart, it really hurts lady,
I've gotta go, but yo, you gotta go first baby.
[Chorus: ~Krizz Kaliko~]
Take a drink,
It's more than what you think,
I gotta let you know,
Don't plan on letting you go,
But if you have to leave,
That's where we'll end the scene,
This is the Martini.
Last shot's for you or me....
[Verse 3:]
This is Brian,
He was a rebel and stayed on another level,
And had no intentions of dying,
He loved Kim a lot, above them was not,
But a jealous ex-husband would love them to rot,
I guess he loved kim still,
His only thoughts him, them, kill,
'Cause he a coward motha fucka,
On Christmas Eve he broke in and waited in they house for hours,
Crazy mother fucker!
Brian pulled up with Kim and little Alissa in the car,
Saw a shadow in the house from afar and said 'Wait!"
Got out the car, opened the gate, walked in the house,
And her fucking ex sealed my nigga's fate.
That was my best friend, Bitch Ass Nigga!
Walked out the house and shot Kim right in front of Alissa,
Then he saved the last shot for him, blast!
Now you better hope I don't go to hell, because I'ma be on your ass!
[Chorus: ~Krizz Kaliko~]
Take a drink,
It's more than what you think,
I gotta let you know,
Don't plan on letting you go,
But if you have to leave,
That's where we'll end the scene,
This is the Martini.
Last shot's for you or me....