
one thing bout' music when it hits you feel no pain. why every song you make just like a left hook to my brain. and niggas try and brag and tell you that they spittin' game just to make themselves feel good about the nothin' that they sayin' you should listen its time to take a look. im past the blogs and magazines im into writin' books. like dayum hold the phone this niggas off the hook and i smoke a blunt and cuss so im inquisitive as fuck.what? you better bring it. i still take it away and make the best of this. they wreckin this and never turn my mind into a pessimist. in my music theres messages, decipher what the messages shit im droppin excrement's delivered as a testament. but lately they say learnin is a bore. i think they forgot the pen is mightier than the sword. one time we built our kingdoms we aint buildin no war. so im done takin niggas to school ill take them to the morgue. any song, any record plays, you know murder them. any time i step up on the stage you know i murder them. anybody iller than (?) ive never heard of them. and if you say you did i suggest you send the word to them. i kill em' yeah i you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em. you know we crushin'if you aint got the build you got destruction and construction is the work so its nothin to raise a ruckus. never minded the subject set off a discussion. because you gotta get that shit up off your chest like breast reduction. so im bustin' girl put me to the test. i used to school these niggas and i never gave an f. cause im (?) in the flesh got them singin oh lord like a boom baye when you see the opposition lookin boom baye.any song, any record plays, you know murder them. any time i step up on the stage you know i murder them. anybody iller than (?) ive never heard of them. and if you say you did i suggest you send the word to them. i kill em' yeah i you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em. sit and listen to the "i" to the "l" to the LMC. influential colored man on your color tv. im the one that they see spittin all theyre favorite raps. mr. ferrell nigga stranger than fiction but i am fact. and they react like its a problem only cause im awesome so these rappers got to give it up like they were (?. hackers came to stop it ran the borders like an ostrich. now we fly but we are mindless. runnin' on autopilot.we ridin' like a (?) sayin nothin like silencer we used to get em high like narcotics by droppin (?. we just override it talkin bout our clothes and vehicles. drop a garbage (?) and then post it on the BCU. thats it gangster please keep cool cat moonwalk and (?) shoes. cant pop lock with an IV too.to the ill niggas her i see you. to be true thats what we do. dont disrespect the name if you do better with that boom baye. kill that noise. any song, any record plays, you know murder them. any time i step up on the stage you know i murder them. anybody iller than (?) ive never heard of them. and if you say you did i suggest you send the word to them. i kill em' yeah i you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em you know i kill em i kill em.