
Just another one champion sound 
Me and Estelle about to get down 
Who the hottest in the world right now. 
Just touched down in London town. 
Bet they give me a pound. 
Tell them put the money in my hand right now. 
Tell the promoter we need more seats, 
We just sold out all the floor seats 
[Chorus: Estelle] 
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day. 
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA. 
I really want to come kick it with you. 
You'll be my American Boy. 
He said Hey Sister. 
It's really really nice to meet ya. 
I just met this 5 foot 7 guys who's just my type. 
I like the way he's speaking his confidence is peaking. 
Don't like his baggy jeans but I'm a like what's underneath it. 
And no I ain't been to MIA 
I heard that Cali never rains and New York heart awaits. First let's see the west end. 
I'll show you to my bridrens. 
I'm like this American Boy. American Boy 
[Chorus:] 
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day 
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA. 
I really want to come kick it with you. 
You'll be my American Boy 
Can we get away this weekend. 
Take me to Broadway. 
Let's go shopping baby then we'll go to a Caf. 
Let's go on the subway. 
Take me to your hood. 
I neva been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good. 
Dress in all your fancy clothes. 
Sneaker's looking Fresh to Def I'm lovin those Shell Toes. 
Walkin that walk. 
Talk that slick talk. 
I'm likin this American Boy. American Boy. 
[Chorus:] 
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day. 
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA. 
I really want to come kick it with you. 
You'll be my American Boy 
Tell'em what i want blood
[Kanye West:] 
Who killin em in the UK, everybody gonna say UK! 
Reluctantly, 'cause most of this press don't f**k with me.
Estelle once said to me, cool down down, don't act a fool now now, 
I always act a fool oww oww, ain't nothing new now now.
 
Hey crazy, I know what ya thinkin, 
Ribena, I know what you're drinkin, 
Rap singer, chain blinger,
Holla at the next chick soon as you're blinkin. 
What's you're persona, 
I got this American Drama, in my shadow, 
'Cause all my clothes designer.
 
Dressed smart like a London Bloke.
Before he speak his suit bespoke. 
And you thought he was cute before,
Look at this P Coat, tell me he's broke.
 
And I know you're not into all that, 
I heard your lyrics, I feel your spirit, 
But I still talk that CA-A-ASH, 
'Cause a lot wags want to hear it.
 
And I'm feelin like Mike at his Baddest. 
Like the pips with the Gladys. 
And I know they love it. 
So to hell with all that rubbish 
[Estelle:] 
Would you be my love, my love. 
Could be mine would you be my love my love, could be mine 
Could you be my love, my love. 
Would you be my American Boy. American Boy 
[Chorus:] 
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day 
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA. 
I really want to come kick it with you. 
You'll be my American Boy