
Intro: In a world of missori where in this three planets collide, Brotha Lynch, Dilame, Tech N9ne bring you along for the ride...
[Brotha Lynch]
Wait a minute I'm from the Westcoast Conference
Like Kobe or James Worthy.
You could just call me the king of the valley
All I need is a game jersey.
Nigga nuts and guts get served up
when I get it all spittin up, aim sturdy.
Cut it up, gut it up with cold cuts
with another nut heated up, came dirty.
I'll be off in that kryptonite
turned him into liquid ice, stained his jersey.
Leave him in the back of the Elco like Helpter Skelp
stick it to him like velcro.
Nigga I'm a bitch killa.
I'm a nigga ditch, quick to rip ya.
Paint a murda picture witcha.
I'm a jack nice, strip ya dat night.
Split ya legs open and dick ya.
But then ima be quick to rippen ya guts,
eat your meat, demeat cha, depleat ya with the meat clever.
Did not see ya eat the fourth quarter,
recieve a court order, delete cha.
Tech ordered a me.
I'm bringing the seasoning and a suicide note.
Do or die loki is in the backseat cuttin necks.
I'm sexist bout' to get nabbed Brotha Lynch I'm neckless.
Express this neckless sexist.
[Chorus]
Welcome to my world
(The heart's have broken and bars have opened,
potions pullin me closer)
Welcome to my world
(Dark's my ocean, my arc is floatin but
i'm livin like I'm supposed to)(2x)
Welcome to my world
(Lyrical messiah...)
[Dalima]
Cause I be dealin with motherfuckas hatin me for the longest.
Could they be critical cause I'm lyrically flawless.
And if i'm heated I could not be mentally cautious.
I get deep and puke from the flame
Only one can be held accountable for making the change
to whatever regards I'd rather be (insane)
In the middle of the stage bustin like a 12 gauge.
You could never relate to a nigga that hang you up,
slip a couple millions just to drank for ya.
Homicidal with a fully loaded rifle undecided on whether or not 
i could cut up your brians and guts.
(I get spaced out sometimes)
And it's like i'm a heathen
whether or not you believe it
everytime I rap a motherfuckas stop breathin.
Hell done been Dalima for a reason.
Well let me introduce you to the crucial upliftin future.
Recruit you and seduce you to the butal grouper.
Nigga better get ready
cause we done put together the fettiest chemical flame.
Energetic well imbeded into your brain.
Tech N9ne, Dalima, Brotha Lynch life.
[Chorus]
Welcome to my world
(The heart's have broken and bars have opened,
potions pullin me closer)
Welcome to my world
(Dark's my ocean, my arc is floatin but
i'm livin like I'm supposed to)(2x)
Welcome to my world
[Tech N9ne]
Fight this phantom you freakin family will fall flat,
bunk biancas beat em black and blue wit a baseball bat.
I might be a small cat,
but I won't use discretion.
Hit em wit a weapon if ya steppin wit a mall rat
twenty minus eleven I'll make em all scat.
Not prosperous now.
Tech's not with this crowd.
He's lost in his clouds.
Rather be off'ed then, soft wit his style.
I got hopes that my life might get better,
but I've been broke so I might swipe ya chedda.
You better get ready to give me I got a vendetta.
Comin' to get it whether weed or money whateva.
Nobody said it was gonna be easy.
People decieve me and leave me
in the dark and buried up in acropolis.
One day your gonna see me on t.v.
You better believe.
We takin over this, never the opposite.
Re write my life give me light in a fight for what's right
ala liberate, quidado.
One fifty one rum is how we run from sin son,
then comes diablo.
I need a medic cause I murder energetic, in the cerabellum.
Never tell'em i got,
one of the worst problems in the medula oblongatta.
Ya oughta goin one hell of a shot,
no more drakness.
How did I start this?
I'm feelin bizzare shit, like kickin your carcess.
I am the ruler in my kingdom and my dark seats hot,
step into my world and your heartbeat stops!
[Chorus]
Welcome to my world
(The heart's have broken and bars have opened,
potions pullin me closer)
Welcome to my world
(Dark's my ocean, my arc is floatin but
i'm livin like I'm supposed to)(2x)
Welcome to my world