
Sleeping Beauty:
It was a Saturday night me and my homeboys decided to dip to the movies, and you know us. Always on CP time. So we entered the theatre and we find our seats. Kaliko wanted me to get something from consessions so I did. So I'm waitin in line and I see the baddest bitch homie! I mean I was like fuck the food, what's you name, nationality and age baby? But I forgot the first two when she said she was SEVENTEEN!! On the inside I was like:
FUCK, SHIT, GOD DAMMIT, MUTHA FUCKA, YOUNG BITCH, WHORE, SLUT, CUNT, WHEN YOU GONNA BE 18?
In the midst of my crisis I heard her say: 
Well I'll be 18 in a week.
and I was like Oh yeah? and she said:
Yeah
Man she was a stallion, ass like pow, chest like bang, lips like ohhh, I had to have her cat! Deja Vue.
I'm in the movie and I don't give a fuck about it I keep thinkin' about the bitch I met at consessions
Really a cutie I wanna get up in her but one thing identity saying she is ONE SEVEN
For the movie imma go back and spit at her throw at the chick like my name is Tech N9ne Bitch!
When I said it she went balestic meaning she was wid it and loving my complex rhyme shit
I had a brilliant idea take her back to the crib and I give her some of the bad momosa
the crilla with realy ?I kee a? got every fizzle with it's comfortable to it I can holda
to about the weekend on her b-day we can leave a she doesn't know that I meant size C K
all she is T-E-C-C-A when you get outa work baby you gotta go with me k?
Hook 
I want you SLEEPING BEAUTY
I need you SLEEPING BEAUTY
Son of a SUCH A CUTIE
I love you SLEEPING BEAUTY
Come right in baby, have a seat. 
Alright
Would you like a drink? 
Sure I'll have one...
and another and another and another and another and another and ANOTHER!
Very woozie
Be off in the Jakoozie
Beauty is juicy
The look of her must of been a doozie
cause she talking hella loosly
trying to seduce me
but I ain't fuckin a under age groupie
But I wish I was fuckin, and suckin buckin, and crushin, and touchin tuckin my stuff in the pretty muffin.
but she started huffin and puffin and talk about nothin the fact I won't get no lovin is fuckin pushin my buttons....
BITCH
With your fast mouth I want you to pass out then Imma get your ass out then she crashed
gotta get her out or she'll be dead soon drug her to the muthafuckin bedroom
handcuffed her then I turned the music down
Knock Knock Knock then I heard a pound! who is it?
Knock Knock Knock alittle more! What the fuck?
Somebody's knock knock knockin at my door yo!
Is there a problem officer?
Yeah we got a noise complaint from one of your neighbors, uh you havin' a party?
No, it's just me here man, Imma musician.
Uh we know who you are.
And I'm a star in a movie, that's my projectory here, and the music's already down so.
Well let's try and keep it that way.
I'll keep her...I'll keep it...keep it down, I'll keep it down.
Hook
Yay I can hardly wait it's getting closer to our date!
It's been a couple a days I had gag her
back and forth to bathroom I had to drag her
cause the drugs I'm givin' her make her stagger
tryin' to feed her food but's makin' me wanna stab her.
With the steak knife I tried to feed her steak with
Okay when you starve to death don't say shit!
I'm set it to the side till your hungry
I see that your energy's tellin me that you want me
She said:
I never knew that you would be one of these psycho's!
Why you readin' to me from the bible?
Get away from muthafucka I hate you!
On the morning of your B-Day I'm a take you.
Days go by and I'm lookin at her hazel eyes
I wanna be a sex late know why
cause your a beautyful lovely
Won't you to trust me
and never judge me
now do you love me?
I love you, I really love you, I wanna feel you, I wanna touch you, take me outa these cuffs, I wanna hold you!
Look at her sexy ass
beautyful panties see through like plexy-glass
rip em off of her like an animal mesh we clash
at the bottom she put her hand up on nest T-Bag
Heavy kissin' in heavy pushin it ?? Heaven I wanna stay
Lord please never take it away.
Happy Birthday baby this is how I'm gonna be lovin' ya
And then she put the steak knife through my ?juggyala? 
Now as the blood trickles
My body wiggles
I'm lookin' up at my beautyful baby as she giggles.
I never thought that it would end this way
This ain't how I wanted to spend this day
The webs we weave are so damn tangled
I guess my baby didn't really like my angle
I lie in a puddle of blood neck mangled
end my life by the hands of an angel....
In breaking news rapper Tech N9ne was found murdered today at the hands of an 18 year old girl. He is survived by his wife and three children. More details at 10.
We can't bury this man without prayer!
There is nothing to pray for sir. He has entered a much better world then this...at least so you ministers always say sir.