
[Verse 1]
Heavyweight, a vet not an amateur (What else?)
Looted up, I pushed pies like Marie Calendar (What you gonna do?)
Shoot it up if I must, take over shop
Get out the car and walk, sneak up on partner and do a dome-shot
Ka-pow, ka-pow, ka-pow, ka-pow, oooh
Then I blend into the crowd
Ooh-ahh, Ooh-ahh, Ooh-ahh, Ooh-ahh,Ooh-ahh, Ooh-ahh,Ooh-ahh, Ooh-ahh, ka-ka-ka-ka
... Hang with a bunch of hotheads, super hyphy and wild
Tell your batch to stop asking about a player
Inquirin' about a player, can't fuck her right now, later 
I'm busy getting my paper and riding around in my scraper
Interacting, networking and campaigning like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Like McCormick's, I'm seasoned, I run my region (You run your region)
Y'all think I'm starving, hell naw nigga, I'm eating (We eating)
They barking like Dino, lying and cheating
Keep jacking my lingo, one of these rappers gone end up leaking
[Hook x4]
Yay Area!!
Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back
[Verse 2]
We be to rap, what key be to lock (Key be to lock)
Cut a quarter or two and bend the block (Bend the block)
The West aint been the same without Pac
So I, guess it's up to E-40 and Rick Rock, oooh
... Stunting... you hear 40 new shit, he on there coming
You hear 40 new shit, he on there dumping
Be all the women talk about, that nigga something, oooh (Where you born at?)
Born and raised in the Yay (Uh huh)
Got some folks in Lumpockets, Skeleton Bay
... Kilo grams I had to measure, finger on my heckler
Having more paper... than a paper shredder, oooh
Tycoon till I fall (Till I fall)... I don't sound like none of y'all (none of y'all)
You getting independent scratch (Uh huh), just remember the niggas that taught you that
[Hook x4]
Yay Area!!
Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back
[Verse 3]
Oooh, (Who you loyal to?) Loyal to my soil
Never leave the pad without my blessing oil (Uh huh)
'cause I surround myself with felons (What they do?)
Pop inner-tubes and bust melons, oooh
... Hustlers... On the look-out for the racket-busters, on the look-out for the fools
The racket-busters mean them people, them folks, them undercovers
Never tell a batch what you up to (What she might do?)
'cause one day she might tell on you (And what else?)
And you'll be sitting in the can (While she what?)
While she fucking on your friends (Uh huh)
Spending all your yaper (What else pimp?)
Riding round in your scraper (What she giving?)
Giving brains (Uh huh), to all the hood homies run the choo-choo train
[Hook x4]
Yay Area!!
Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back