
Midnight chillin' at A.M-P.M
Coolin', drinkin' apple juice in Evil's BM
The sound's up loud to attract attention
Armored tires on a lowered suspension
The nardi to steer with Alpine deck was glowin'
Bumpin'' Big Daddy the nigga was definitely flowin'
I was ridin' shotgun, Donald and Hen in back
Look through the tint recognized a jack
Two brothers strolled up talkin' 'bout get out
Donald D blazed shot one fool through his fuckin' mouth
Why would they step when they know we're strapped?
I never cruise L.A without a gat in my lap
The other fool shot caught the E in the shoulder blade
I busted through the car door that's where the nigga laid
Hen jumped out dropped two nines in his forehead
Evil was bleedin' bad, the car seats were turnin' red
Looked to my left there were two more carloads
Niggas in hats and hoods, in an attack mode
And they hadn't yet begun to fight
E hit the gas, it was one past midnight
Take me on a walk through hell
South Central
Yo, E, drive! Drive, man drive, man!
Fuck it! Just get the fuck outta here, man!
We boned down Vernon, made right on Normandie
Left on Florence, gettin' through the E.T.G.'s
Spun out on Vermont, made a left on Colden
Right on Hoover, E where we goin'?
He didn't even answer that
Checked the rear view they were still out back
Where were these brothers from? What made these brothers come?
Bang! our back window was removed by a shotgun
Now Hen G was shot, Don caught a ricochet
These motherfuckers was ill, they didn't come to play
Bust a right turn, parked and then we got left
Hid in the the bushes, shot the gas tank to fake death
But would this really keep them psyched?
Three of us bleedin', it was ten past midnight!
Midnight, time for a homicide
South Central
C'mon, man, you all bleedin' bad, man
You got to keep up, man, we can't stop here
I really didn't like how this shit was goin' down
Wrong night, wrong time, wrong fuckin' part of town
Ya see we was deep in the Hoover's hood
Three niggas bleedin', that shit don't look good!
See over there red don't grow
Some places red's all they know
But not our luck, tonight we was real fucked
Broke down an alley and we instantly had to duck
Fuckin' police on a gang sweep
No time to deal with one time so we had to creep
Broke through a back yard, ran through a vacant lot
E, Hen and Don kept up to be some niggas shot
Shit was gettin' crazy, so I had to get busy
Hen was bleedin' worse and Evil was gettin' dizzy
Looked in a parkin' lot, I needed a snatch bar
Had the hot wire, so I moved on an old car
It was a bucket, but fuck it, it had to do
Started it up and scooped my whole crew
Two blocks later we saw fuckin' blue lights
The pigs were behind us, it was half past midnight!
Take me on a walk through hell
South Central
You all just lay down on the floor if this car, man
Fuck the police, man, I'm a handle this
When they pulled us over shit got worse
I wait until they got out and then I hit reverse
Fucked 'em up, I seen one cop fall
Threw it in gear, yo I'm outty ya'll
Don't know how but somehow we got away
Lost the jackers, the cops, dumped the G.T.A
Made it back to the hood, fixed the crew up
And even though Evil's car blew up
We made it home and then I crashed out
Thinkin' 'bout my all-night death bout
Then somethin' woke me up from my dark sleep
The sound of fuckin' police when they're tryin' to creep
Broke through my door with no goddamn warning
Looked at my watch it was six in the mornin'