
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, hate brought death around the block
As a hollow point bust through the punk's back
Raisin' Cain, feel no pain as I penetrate
 Nigga five deep as I strike at a quick pace
I got the evil of my dead nigga trapped in my mind
So my soul is a threat to all mankind
Born to kill, I'm wicked by nature
'Cause the streets of my neighborhood breed young hellraisers
A 3006 with the scope I make a skinhead brain bust
All across the West Coast
Muthafuckas catchin' heat as I bring anger
And release more danger from my chamber
The evil in my blood is possessed
So I creep low from the back slow and push lead through that nigga's flesh
 Ain't no hope when every nigga wants to be the nine-milla
On the trigger, the black nigga killa
We be the mighty warrior, black nigga killa, what's up?
You ready to die? You think you can fuck with them thug niggas?
Come on, tell me the truth, nigga, look in my eyes, bitch, we get live
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, nigga, Cleveland's thuggish ruggish
Niggas still down with the thug shit
Buck, buck, bust, let 'em know we still run this bitch
Just like an assassin say, nigga, we nice but can get nasty
Get into war, what else can it be?
Nigga, you know what we came here for
You know, when we shot through the door
My niggas was serious, playin' no jokes
Just 'cause I'm a rapper, you thought it's for show?
Okay nigga let's see if this a real fo'-fo'
You thought we was studio, saw us on video
Seen us in person so here we go
What is your problem?
Here come the bullets, better dodge 'em
I sneaks up behind, so I'm fuckin' with killas
Nigga, don't make me kill ya
Got a body bag for any you bitches thinkin' you realer
Since, we some killers for sure
Hit 'em up, hit 'em hard, if you ready to roll
Niggas out tryin' to fuck with us
But I'm givin' you one warnin' that's a no-no
'Cause I got what you need if you are ready
To die, to die, to die, nigga, bye bye
Shots might be fired, yep everybody gon' run?
Naw, shootin' at me? Better hit me or one day
Fire! Here I come, come
And you don't wanna see, we like that
'Cause everybody pack guns, but Bone go pap pap
Really just out for the money, y'all
Really won't hurt none of y'all
But playas went too far so I say
"Fuck y'all, fuck y'all, y'all, y'all haters
All, y'all, y'all, y'all haters"
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga killa, killa, killa, killa
I'm servin' these bitches daily
I'm a black nigga killa, that's what you can label me
Unfadable, see? You don't really wanna fuck with us
You can't touch us, you ain't able
Rest in peace flesh creep
And sneak with a street sweeper
Niggas don't ever know what hit 'em, I split 'em
And snatch they soul like the Reaper
Have you ever seen a killer
Dressed in a trench coat sold over a hundred pounds?
Rollin', downin' a fifth of Rose when I stroll
And who wanna fuck with me now?
Lay 'em all down when I creep
Through your town and clown
I bet you feela this nigga behind the trigger, clack back
Stack, that black nigga killa
Nigga, you know what Bone be sayin'
Rollin' with big guns, ain't no playin'
Stayin' down for the murda mo', slayin'
Aw, shit, just to let you know, man, that 187 for realer
We black nigga killas and down to ride for E
He'd a ride for me, and that's the way it's gon' be
N.W.A, nigga B-O-N-E
All around the world most dangerous groups marchin' like troops
Lace your boots, be ready to shoot
'Cause if you ain't then a bullet might hit you
Picture yourself in a coffin so stiff and cold full of formaldehyde
Better scatter, dodge 'fore this bullet lodged in your ass, simply for the cash
Been around the world, seen so many faces and so many places
Aced this game, while they try to erase this daily basis
Gimme my space, shit, show me some love, though
Just pump your fist in the air and holler, "Mo!" Could you do me that?
And I'll hit you back little nigga
Just wanna know where my thugs at
Some at the track on the back, oh, yes
Some niggas on corner 'round sellin' that crack
 Some of my thugs grave long gone
Lot of my niggas' at home playin' Bone Could they rest in peace?
My niggas sleep Makaveli, Biggie Smalls, and Eazy-E T-Rock got shot
Lord bless his city that's why shoot, shoot 'em up
Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot, shoot 'em up
Shoot 'em up always nigga, always that's why I shoot 'em up
Black nigga, killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga, killa, killa, killa, killa
Black nigga, killa, killa, killa, killa
...