
It may not mean nothing to yall (Yeah)
but understand nothing was done for me (the blunt is lit)
so I dont plan on stoppin at all
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne... ever mayne (Young Money)
Im shuttin shit down at the mall (we so strong)
and tellin every girl she the one for me (Yeah)
and I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne.. ever mayne
Lil' Wayne:
shit nigga, this is what I does
I swear I aint lyin, like this is my cubs
this is my tub, and I am dirty then the summer bitch
Weezy F Baby always lookin like I done some shit
you aint on nothin bitch, better know who you fuckin with
try to fuck me, I kill you and who you comin with
no homo, T.I. had to go stupid
im on them high hills, and I am no Boosie
collins avenue riding with the phantom roof gone,
auto made back two tone,
and my rims are too grown, that mean they 24's boy
what are you on? im richer than a bitch without the grey poupon
yeah... im talkin out of my head,
I make a blue eyed bitch, just admire my red
im a blood mothafucka, a blood mothafucka
forever like E T C period mothafucka
It may not mean nothing to yall
but understand nothing was done for me
so I dont plan on stoppin at all
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne... ever mayne
Im shuttin shit down at the mall
and tellin every girl she the one for me
and I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne.. ever mayne
Drake:
I tell em
I am so unsigned, it would blow ones mind
cuz ever single record I am so unkind
there are no holds barred, there is no love loss
nigga this that crack and you know drugs cost
so P A Y U P, I dont think youll ever find another nigga like me
never L I E, I got everything I tell em I got
this young nigga show boat, like im sellin a yacht, ya heard me?
who else trying to smoke? ya nigga me too
cuz take my mind off the pressure is what weed do
ya girl wetter than the bottom of a ski doo
and take a bitch from any nigga is what we do
so bite down hoe or get the right dentist
I told Wayne im going in like a life sentence
and understand I send shots to who its ment for
never had a mentor, copy that 10-4
It may not mean nothing to yall
but understand nothing was done for me
so i dont plan on stoppin at all
I want this shit forever mayne. ever mayne. ever mayne. ever mayne
Im shuttin shit down at the mall
and tellin every girl she the one for me
and I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne.. ever mayne
Kid-Kid:
Ha Kid-Kid
put on my O.J. gloves and go on kill this shit
make a plumber throw his plunger, like I cant deal with this shit
uh, they say im throwed off I stay on pitch
uh, the flow aint formal, I dont slack on shit
bitch im back on my shit like a fly
since you want to be fly, throw you off the roof fly! ha
like cookie take a dookie on the rapper loose leaf
and throw the trash ad out the window like mookie
to a shark your just sushi, you ain't hard your coochie
wally oochie, soft as new born bootie
I said the movement slow, im just thinking fast
look back, I ain't behind ya, im bout to lap your ass
and nigga I dont rest, im up till my times up
i've been a tech shelfer, all my beef prime cut
this aint punch lines, nigga your punch is lyin
cuz the only punch you ever gave was Hawiian ha
It may not mean nothing to yall
but understand nothing was done for me
so i dont plan on stoppin at all
I want this shit forever mayne...ever mayne.... ever mayne... ever mayne
Im shuttin shit down at the mall
and tellin every girl she the one for me
and I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever mayne... ever mayne.... ever mayne.. ever mayne