
[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Got no love for the law,
but I shed blood for my dawgs.
Got no love for the law,
but I shed blood for my dawgs.
[Verse 1: Krayzie Bone]
I been trying to gather my niggas for battle,
we outta control we cant be handled,
We shake the police in the stand off,
44 magnums bustin at random at'em,
in the middle of the chaos,
soon ill be bustin my shit at the mayor,
if you get caught up with nothin to save ya,
gauges spray and break ya down nowhere,
and put in the back and I murder a nigga,
stead put in the, shoot it!
if it aint black owned then we loot it,
Burn this bitch down, lets do it!
We aint marchin we aint talkin,
we keepin our eye on the target
So as soon as the shit get started,
we gon pop pop pop-pop that body,
(Doin' that violent..) Them popo don't want beef,
they want this war out on the streets with me and my T.H.U.G.'s,
Bitch you freeze, you under arrest,
and you got the right to die,
and guess who's pullin the switch?
And I cant wait to see you fry.
[Chorus]
[Verse 2: Layzie Bone]
I never did have no love for the system,
Man them law aint good to protect me,
Im just a nigga tryin to live the American dream,
and you wanna arrest me and for what?
because I'm shinin blingin; mad because I'm rhymin, singin,
I got too much money, I got too many guns.
Your pitiful life aint got no meaning,
and I know you schemin, L-Burna done got legit now,
bitch you sit on the ground, you get on the ground,
you aint talkin that shit now!
Wanna spit rounds? We can go,
that cop'll bring the regime and helicopters,
Strapped, with Techs and 9's, for what's in the sky I got a grenade launcher.
Aint nuthin to do today, so what imma do?
Imma bust on the cops, shoot the street light out on the block,
dial 9-1-1 sit back and watch.
I can hear them sirens comin, imma teach these fools not to fuck with me,
and, outcome was a catastrophe,
Do this once a week until my brother's free!
[Chorus]
[Verse 3: Bizzy Bone]
United we stand, divided we fall,
for the same bullshit like snipers on Whitehouse lawns.
On that good shit, niggas from Compton to Africa,
on that thug shit, Reginald Denny, no comment.
I lost my blood with the tat that Carlos, Davis, Lord.
I can't love shit, as the police extend this given,
Im above, this, deceptions, I know they intentions, with S'mores made by Smith & Weston.
Pulla me weapon, embrace in the Lord,
feel the spiritual resurrection through my pores,
in the storm with the allies of war.
No, college, scholarships, just, gotta burst the clips,
on the block, warrior plottin on king pin licks.
Flip burgers I just can't see it,
imma face more green with Bone Thugs in one night, no secrets.
Fuck the Feds, it ain't no love at all for 'em,
and pull me over with police dogs lickin my scrotum.
[Chorus]
[Verse 4: Wish Bone]
See young thug, could tell me nothin,
ya fuck up I shed blood, gotta leave this world with somethin,
a realer nigga for more than I can handle,
the trust was asked so that's for a mack, got caught up in a scandal,
police ain't right, and we ain't either.
Errybody want somethin equal,
listen up my people:
we gotta get down, get down, for right now,
nigga fuck your people!
And this is how we all, all our dream to get big.
Haters think he's one of a kind, hes better than errybody, destroyin dreams.
But don't you listen, we can rise above it, above it,
Nine times outa ten, don't fuck that, cause they gon' love it,
quit fuckin with my people, wonder why, we react.
We strong and need to be left alone, and that's a fact.
[Chorus] (X2)