
Hey, yo, the streets love me, man an' I love the streets
So I know ya ain't think I was comin' with some fruitcake shit
Ya know me better than that
Ayo, I shoulda been out, I'm deadly when I pull the pin out
Keep frontin', I'ma try yo' chin out, I knocked a lot of men out
I left 'em on the floor spittin' phlegm out
It's either that or I'ma squeeze the gat an' pop ten out
You see codione, ice spinnin', jigged out, white linen
An' if a bitch don't like me, she must like women
Every time I come around, you see your wife grinnin'
Don't be mad 'coz yo' career's in the ninth innin'
It's over now, nigga, leave the game
I'm from the danger zone where emcees get slain
We're thugs that never hesitate to squeeze the flame
We're niggaz, be takin' drugs just to ease the pain
Hustlers flip Cokey, '48 Hours' like Nick Nolte
When I was O.T., your bitch rode me
First day home I dived in it, left her thighs dented
Now that bitch be pagin' me every five minutes
Emcees, I squash an' disgrace, it's all about the Benjis
So why your bills got Washington's face?
A lot of cats be frontin', made singles wit a fifty on top
L tryin' to have the city on lock
Peace to Biggie an' Pac 'coz they really were hot
Rap game, heavy hitters, it's a shame they no longer wit us
Niggaz wanna be L, ladies wanna see L
If I go to jail, you'll wear a shirt sayin', "Free L"
What? Word up, man, them niggaz is hungry
They ready to bite a nigga arm off
All my wolves in the house, are you live or what?
See, Harlem 'bout to get it, all eyes on us
Only ghetto niggaz shine, who gon' rise wit us?
An' the first cat who act, we gon' size 'em up
All my wolves in the house, are you live or what?
See, Harlem 'bout to get it, all eyes on us
Only ghetto niggaz shine, who gon' rise wit us?
An' the first cat who act, we gon' size 'em up
Ayo, I hear a lot of bitch in your talk
See a lot of switch in your walk
Only thugs get rich in New York, time is runnin' out
Niggaz like, "L, when you comin' out?"
Because they sick of all this drag queen shit
Your wife's missin', I'm the nigga she was last seen wit
Me an' Ron hit it up on some tag team shit
A buncha niggaz got smoked for the cash
Used to ride Greyhounds wit dime holes
An' stuff the Coke in they ass
Crazy beef's got provoked in the past, lot of wigs got split
A lot of innocent kids got hit
Harlem World be the place of my birth, believe me, son
We breed the smoothest niggaz on the face of the Earth
Mics, I steadily smoke, rhymes, cleverly wrote
As long as I can rock a crowd, I'ma never be broke
Some hoes treated me like a bum nerve, when I was unheard
Now I'm icey, I ain't gotta say one word, you dumb bird
I push whips while you walk all day
An' I hate when strange niggaz wanna talk all day
Clown ass, shit, hate to be around that shit
You don't know me, just say
"Wassup? Gimme a pound", that's it
When I was at the steak house, pullin' cake out
You was at some cheap Chinese shit
Gettin' take out, how you make out?
You took the fake route, you oughta break out
You couldn't get a bitch before you put your tape out
What? Fuckin' punks
Niggaz like you will get robbed everyday
All my wolves in the house, are you live or what?
See, Harlem 'bout to get it, all eyes on us
Only ghetto niggaz shine, who gon' rise wit us?
An' the first cat who act, we gon' size 'em up
All my wolves in the house, are you live or what?
See, Harlem 'bout to get it, all eyes on us
Only ghetto niggaz shine, who gon' rise wit us?
An' the first cat who act, we gon' size 'em up
Yeah, Flamboyant Entertainment
Big L, Rondell, C Town, NFL, you know how we do
One time, can't forget my partner, Big brother, Big Lee
Holdin' it down, The Overseer, Flamboyant