
[Verse One - Layzie Bone:]
Now I sound so raw, cos im down by law, tryna play me cos im rapping I will break yo jaw, catch a
nigga in these streets make you take clothes off, leave you dead butt naked, man you fuckin with a
boss, cross pass with me, im in the hood all them watts in the bronx where they cater all around
the devil block, trouble not, im ready for em, niggas they know im ready for them, im the hardest
ima deadly poet so im heated heavy for it, why you lookin for me nigga wit yo lookin ass, meet me in the
club all my niggas get to whoopin ass, then a nigga sue me, sue me nigga pos'ed to be thug, nigga
pos'ed to be street, pull your skirt down nigga cos we smellin' yo pussy, the whole bottom line is
you cant fuck wit' me, Will.I.Am the ghetto!, Will.I.Am the ghetto! (streets!), cos' im a thug by
nature, thug by nature, gotta keep thuggin', im thuggin', gotta keep thuggin', im thuggin'.
[Chorus - Will.I.Am:]
you looking, for me, ill be, rollin',
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets,
if you looking, for me, ill be, rolliin'!
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets.
[Verse Two - The Game:]
Its the black rag assassin, fourty fo' mag blast, and black ski mask throwing shots out a dodge
magnum, gangbang forever put the barrel on the head of the devil, wit homicidal intentions I reign
terror, on any clique or squad you niggas bitch you fraud, ima tickin time bomb that'll finish the
job, lyrical damage, a one, two punch, crush you amateurs, box and watch me execute like
(cockins?), my flow piping hot scorchin, proceed with caution murder any mc, ya soul is lost, when
im ridin with them bone thugs, black glocks and chrome slugs, parked on the block with the nose
up, get ready for the face off, Nicholas Cage aint got shit on a nigga wit a fuckin grenade, one
man army, only two things in the world can calm me, west pussy and that bomb ass chronic, i never
back down, never back down, never back down, now that the bone thugs back.
[Chorus - Will.I.Am:]
If you lookin, for me, ill be, rollin,
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets,
if you lookin, for me, ill be, rolliin!
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets.
[Verse Three - Krazie Bone:]
Now we them niggas in them black dickies and steel toe boots, stomp on that nigga that got a
pistol but he still gon' shoot, cos' he a hoe, like halfa' these niggas is rappin', ima' let you
know, these niggas is actin' and puttin' on a fashion show, we done checked these niggas, met these
niggas man I dont respect these niggas, i'm a real mother fucking T-H-U-G, original hate to be a
critic, but yo shit I aint feelin, no, you niggas is elementary, i got history, lyrically you cant
see me, physically ill bring your misery, seriously, you niggas aint been hearing me, but listen
to these other niggas hits, you hear my twist they blew my shit, but its all good, cos we keep it
all hood, and when we see niggas get raw dog like a hog should, just lemme put the mother
fuckin' money on the wood, bitch niggas would be gone if they could, but ima' shut em down, ima'
shut em down, ima' shut em down, bone niggas known not to fuck around!
[Chorus - Will.I.Am:]
If you lookin, for me, ill be, rollin',
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets,
If you lookin, for me, ill be, rolliin'!
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets.
If you lookin!..
[Verse Four - Wish Bone:]
I got my hand on my balls, grippin in the raws, hood star, shit could be my boulevard, you know
im in the streets, I aint hard to reach, on some cool shit and some beef shit nigga im in the
streets, this aint my only occupation hittin' avenues, chasin paper allways, and I know how to get
it, and pissy hallways, in the raw way, you can get it how you live, nigga step the wrong way, I
let it bang b-bang bang, im the street for real, and i love it but you know how the gameplay got
me ready to kill, somebody, but its all good, wit' these shows at my steets nigga all good, gotta
be stackin my paper like thats all I know, these niggas is playin, I gotta get it like lock and
load, winter through summer, summer back through to winter, we hustlin dawg, hustlin, hustlin,
hustlin, give it all you got, give it all you got, hustlin, niggas is talkin bout weed now watch
yo mouth!
[Chorus - Will.I.Am:]
If you looking, for me, i'll be, rollin',
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets,
If you looking, for me, i'll be, rolliin'!
you can find me in the streets, you, you can find me in the streets.
If you lookin!...