
Krayzie: 
Yeah, come on, come on, come on. This is my family. This is my family, 
my family. 
Layzie: 
Lord, help make up my mind. Which way do I turn, when there's so much 
stress surroundin' me daily? This world's so cruel 
and shady, and I really do miss my baby, Babi Boi. Oh, boy, me and 
your bigger brother, we keeps it realer. You'll always be 
our little nigga, and I know your mama miss ya. Picture the day, when 
I get my callin', but until then, I guess I'm stuck. Oh, 
fuck. Let T know I miss him much. When I get to heaven, Babi Boi, 
what's up? We can ride and roll, I know, without those 
po-po trailin', bailin' all the way to heaven, bet you that's a 
promise. Comin' with the bombs [bombs]. Niggas can't test us. 
Creep, defeat is on you, (bleed). Rollin' with the niggas that pack 
the heat and a sack of weed, straight outta control, testin' 
souls, hoes, niggaroes, playa haters, and the po-pos as well. If we 
could (?) everybody (?), am I livin' in Hell? Nigga really 
can't tell, so I prepare for the worst, and hope for the best, and the 
rest is written. Some wanna treat me like I'm forbidden, but 
I'm just lookin' for the shit that's hidden. Could I be? Come a little 
bit closer, why you cautious when you approach us? Is 
you scared of the fact we soldiers? Mo Thug Records fin to take shit 
over. Under my halo, pray more, say Mo Thug with love 
to the depth that game goes. Die all of you hoes, foes, and you 
po-pos. Nigga, better roll or get rolled over. We shuttin' shit 
down. And you know a nigga love to get buckwild. Pow. Come fuck with 
me, now, now, now. 
Krayzie: 
This is my family. This is my family, my family. 
Bizzy: 
Thug lovesick, my hood is in drug prison. The end is my mission, we 
heatin' shit. Why vision? Be crooked, (?) and sin is 
beginnin' of my endin'. I went in my Benz, but why's my mind spinnin'? 
And then I'll say, "Hey, fuck 'em. My family ain't livin' 
for nothin'. We strugglin' was one of the reasons I'm thuggin' and 
steady stay hustlin'." Where was my lovin'? Somebody tell 
me somethin', was it nothin'. If I give you all of my trust will you 
fuck it all up for the love of lust? Hoes, I loves you so, 
but unlike my friend, you're just my foe. Peace 'til the end of the 
road. That's where I'll go. But no, nigga, don't lose your soul, 
but it's so cold. Trust in mine, all right, then we can roll, roll, 
roll. 
Krayzie: 
This is my family. This is my family, my family. 
Wish: 
Was ya too young, mama and daddy, when you laid down and had some 
(eggs)? And I remember y'all breakin' up, and 
shippin' us off back to the Land. Damn, what went wrong? Was it me? 
But I ain't mad at ya, 'cause outta all this shit, I got 2 
sisters and a brother, and I learned to harmony on the streets of the 
Clair, that's where I'm from, y'all, on the streets of the 
Clair, that's where I met Mo Thugs, y'all. Oh, shit! Time to be a man. 
Gotta get out the house, 'cause I stand Mommy's 
man--he talks with his hand. Come, come creep on the streets with me: 
this where I learned how to sell drugs, it's where I 
learned how to pump slugs. It's necessary, necessary for me to get 
down for mine, so I creep and I grind, knock, knock, 
kickin' down doors, kill a nigga, sleep, give it up when you die. And 
I know that shit was wrong, but don't blame me, blame 
the thugsta in me, 'cause that's where that shit comes from [comes 
from]. Bloody redrum. Nigga, we nothin' but survivors. 
Rest in peace to the gauge, they collide with us. We survivors, that's 
why we be . . . 
Krayzie: 
This is my family. This is my family, my family. 
Krayzie: 
Get ready to duck, bitch, or get fucked up, boy, don't fuck around, 
and get zipped in a body bag off in a grave, and your 
brains'll be hangin'. Damaged bodies dragged off. Everyday we see more 
niggas hatin', fakin', playa hation--that's gettin' 
contagious. Why do these niggas think they can break us? When I grab 
my pump, y'all niggas better try to grab what's left of 
your chest. Niggas be talkin' and then they get caught up in shit. Now 
meet them faces of death. We never be talkin', and 
they dogged us, man. It's all the same, but what do we gain by giving 
you niggas fame? So we let the records show. The 
forty-four mag'll tag 'em, stack up them niggas who try to compete 
with platinum. All of them callin' me, follow me down to me 
corner, slip up and your gonna get blasted. What do you wanna test me 
for? Jealousy? Nigga, drop. Nigga, we bet you 
plottin', that's why them triggers be cocked everytime. Shoot 'em 99 
times out of 100. We gon' hit somebody. Somebody 
gon' take a (?) yeah. Y'all know he gets carried off with the bodies. 
Mo (mileage) y'all find us smokin' that grass. Nigga, pass 
the pump. Hey, Rip, he takin' a loss, and wakin' up in that coffin. 
Oh, nigga, that's why all of these playa hate us, man, but 
when we come, they run, but we're gonna catch 'em, and one day God 
forgive me, I don't know what got in me, but pin me, 
they're gonna all fall down, way down, face down. Ain't got nothin' 
but love, still niggas wanna test my nuts, and nigga you 
know that [that, that, that, you know we didn't know that, that, 
that], so nigga you know that [that, that, that] them thugstas 
niggas [I figured you'd know that, that, that, that] stay strapped 
[strapped], won't hestitate [you niggas should know that, that, 
that, that] to bust back [yeah, yeah, yeah, my niggas you know that . 
. .] It's nineteen ninety-nine. It's almost nineteen 
ninety-nine. 
[Gunshot.] 