
Yo Bushwick, whaddya do when m'fuckas underestimate your size man?
First of all I laugh 
(Then what?)
Smash their ass like a goddamn carcrash
So if you wanna try your luck
C'mon...play pussy'n'get fucked
Ass-hole snicker and get beat
Your a bad motherfucker if you dare to compete
Cause Diana Ross be comin' at your ass fool
And have you singing the blues
To all now bicker and I'll pound
Let's go around
Imma take ya, shake ya
Then brake ya down
And if you kick Imma pick up a stick
And beat your ass to the size of your dick
And that's small
And you think you're mackin' when you're lackin?
Bushwick is packin!
I'll show your girl how a real man feels
Large things come in very small packages
And while your gettin' on your knees to fuck
A nigga like me's still standin' up
Any bitch will tell you:
As long as he has a big dick, size ain't shit
Liftin weights'll make you bigger
But lift me you'll be a dead-ass nigga
You wanna squabble coz ya think you're tougher?
(Automatic unloading) squabble that motherfucker!
Those are called bullets, they got 'em in every state
To keep niggaz like you in place
And since I'm a trigga happy nigga
Look for your place to be in a
Cemetary, you goddamn sucka
Lying next to another bad motherfucka
Reputation ain't shit coz see:
What you done did in the past don't excite me
V-I-C-T-O-R-Y
You can't have it...na-na-na-na-na!
Any motherfucker wanna get with Bushwick?
Bring it on 'cause your size ain't shit!
I been a stupid-ass motherfucker ever since
I been a stupid-ass motherfucker ever since
I been a stupid-ass motherfucker ever since
The penitentiary became my residence
It wasn't nothin' for me to disfigure
You little nickle-and-dime-assed niggaz
Shank a motherfucker in a minute
And if a riot was goin' down I was in it,
Get off work and discuss my pardon
Chill out and smoke weed with tha warden
Take a motherfucker like you
And without remorse this is what I'll do:
Punk you out and make you be my bitch
And let a nig get shit on his dick for 1 cigarette!!
Any harder then my dick and you're talkin' shit
Carry on motherfucker-
before the state convict me of assult or something hyper
and I'll end up right back at Riker's, Like a sniper
I'm scoping you out,
You won't even know when I'm takin' your ass out,
I'm equipt and viscious, tolerate no misses,
Rougher than Ulysses when it comes to bitches
bitch, yea I'm talking to you, some a yall niggaz are bitches too
you gotta be crazy as hell to try ta fuck up ******
**** 'cause your size ain't shit.
Some stupid motherfucker said he had an advantage
Fuck my size, you wanna do damage?
Contestant #1 c'mon down!
You're the next motherfucker Imma clown
So don't get excited like your bid is exact
Cause you ain't winnin' shit but a goddamn smack
When I throw a motherfuckin' right cross
And slap the taste out your goddamn mouth
Now where's the height comin' from?
Don't make me use this goddamn gun
Cause I'll give your ass hell then charge ya rent
Fuck you up like a goddamn accident
Innocent is how I look
cause a nigga this size ain't supposed to cook
You took me for a sucker that day...
so bitch you find out the hard way:
Size ain't shit!!