
Try to answer to the master on the mc rap artists
No joke on the lyric -it's hard to be modest
I knew I was the man with the master plan
To make you wiggle and jiggle like gelatin
Just think while I sing and to the brain structure
Don't sleep on the e -- 'ya see, something might rupture
I don't take time for me to blow your mind
It takes a second to wreck it because you're dumb and blind
So just lounge . . . 'cause you're a mc clown
Or join the circus . . . epmd's in town
Total chaos -- no mass confusion
Rhymes so hypnotizing known to cause an illusion
Like a magician who draws a rabbit out a hat, son
I'm drawin' more, like a 44-magnum
Mc's please stop, look, and listen and try to imagine
It's travellin' the speed of lighjt, but everything' motion it's frightening
Plus the thought of you alone
You now enter the dimension called the twilight zone
You're terrified . . . plus you can't bear the thought
You and I one-on-one in the land of the lost
You start to shiver . . . then you scream, my friend
You wake up, muttley, because you're dreamin' again
Next time I'm on the scene . . . do not try to diss us
Keep your mouth suckered up, because I'm strictly business
This is the rap season . . . when the e starts pleasin'
Girls around the world no need to be skeezin'
When I roll I stroll, cool always pack a 2
Just in case . . . a brother acts a fool
I've got the energy to put the girlz in a frenzy
Put a shock when I rock even though I'm not stingy
Make sure I don't bore when I'm on the dance floor . . .
Get busy, boy . . . like you never saw before
Rhyme flow . . . good to go . . .
After the show . . . I'll pull your hoe, boy
"do you sniff blow? ? " -- hell no
Got my whole life ahead of me, no time to be sniffin'
And if my parents find out, then they start riffin'
So I stay, a-ok
'cause I'm the e . . . the r-i-c-k
Mc's look me in the face and their eyes get weak
Pulse rate descends . . . heart rate increases
It's like beam me up, scotty, I control your body
I'm as deadly as aids when it's time to rock a party
With all due respect, when I say mike check
I let a sucker slide once . . . then I break his neck
So when I say jump, you'll reply "how high? "
Because I'm takin' no prisoners, so don't play hero and die
You're just a soldier . . . and I'm a green beret
I do not think twice about the mcs I slay
So if you want to battle, I highly recommend this:
Bring your dog, mom, and dad . . . because I'm strictly business
Yo, yo, you're still pickin' on that four-leaf clover? 
Bring in the sandman, sucker . . . because it's over
My name is eric sermon and I'm back again
I see the head's still turnin' of my so-called friends
They smile in my face -- behind my back they talk trash,
Mad and stuff - because they don't have cash
Like the e-double . . . or the pee-md
He drives a corvette, I drive a semi-iroc suzuki
I'm the locksmith . . . with the key to fame
Never high on myself, always stay the same
Play a lot because I'm hot and like a horse I trot
Around the track and back, fatigued? ? no, I'm not
I'm the mellow, the fellow, the one that likes to say hello
To a fly girl that is good to go
With the slow tempo and the off-beat rhyme flow
'cause when I am in action, there is no time for maxin' or relaxin
Just reactin' and subtractin'
On a sucker mc who's mouth keeps on yappin' and flappin'
I lose my cool, then I'll be start slappin' and smackin'
You on a roll, then I'll be start jackin' and cappin'
No time to lounge, I'm packin' and strappin'
At my point attack I soar at you like an eagle,
I'm the sheriff, and bitin' is illegal
So next time in town, I highly recommend this,
You gots to chill, because I'm strictly business