
[busta rhymes]
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh
It's a sunny day and the sky is bright
Take her to the mist everything is right
No need to make bets cause I met a bookie
Today is the day the whole school plays hookie
Why? cause I called dinco d and brown
Cutmonitor milo brings the sound
Before I do that I play myself like a jerk
Make sure momma jamma took her body to work
Okay she is gone so I jet to the phone
Let the whole world know nobody's home
It's busta rhymes and I'm feeling irie
Come on over cause I'm having a party
Milo did the right thing and brought the ride
The sound's too pissed now the party's live
Tickets in effect, everything's sweet
As I zoned in my bus, all I had to say is "that beat"
That beat, just keep the same old beat
Check it out y'all, come on, come on
Just keep the same old beat
[dinco d]
On the fourth day of school, hookie wasn't here
Today's the first day of a brand new year
There's girls that's rubbing butts around the room
Fellas feeling good cause the gates is boom
Zoom to the doom of a sugarplum toon
Me, busta, and brown is gonna rock the mic soon
With a huh! here we go in june
Power cat with the snap in the rules
Throw a misses out, this is all street news
You choose, don't lose a views
Prices move in like cruise a bruise
Stacked on a four pack stack of freaks
I guess I'll play hookie for a couple of weeks
[charlie brown]
Six a.m. and I hear my alarm
Rushed to the phone, I called vietnam
He's asleep so I leave a message
At the tone, you know time is of essence
Quickly I jumped straight into the shower
The baby powder, cause I can't smell sour
Get dressed, put on my nike airs
Come my hairs, go upstairs
Walk outside to the fruit stand
And dre, kane, he's the 40's in hand
Powercat geronimo is in the distance
The fifths are coming, the fifths are coming
Hit up, lit up the blunt and I'm straight
Quarter to eight and my day looks great
Walked to the school with about 40 feet
That means the squad is 20 deep
I zoned
Zone coaster (the international...) (repeat 6x)
[busta rhymes]
Finally by now the whole crew's in the house
Brown just came and he's roaming about
Music just started, yo where is milo? 
Got a chicken in the room and he's trying to hide, yo
Next is my man (who? ) gary gennew
Half of the mob and a case of brew
Rumpletilz with the diggum smacks
A get through the door with the cracker jacks
Classic from medina cold looking very hard
Next to the door came the yardman scard
Into my crib to find the inchie at last
Kallie any crew with my boy shabazz
Shake it time iller to settle the score
Then powercat through the locks on the door
Bugging at the jam like I'm cyclone
Now an hour to seven come to find out that I'm zoning
Huh, check it out, yeah
[dinco d]
No school? cool
I'll just fool around off school grounds
Too many kids doing bids in detention
I'm just chilling, what is this they mention? 
L.o.n.s. to the set, look he has a gun
'91 is fun, lots of baked buns
Prepare the wine to a reggae cut
Not (not) not (not) who (what) what? 
Mom, a bomb, sound the alarm
Leave the dance before she causes some harm
I go out the backdoor with a hard bone
Look at the clock and then I start to zone
[charlie brown]
Got to the hive, no one was there
Truant officers began to stare
Called dinco d but he's not home
Drop another quarter into the phone
Call busta rhymes, what's up my man? 
(having a party, understand? )
Where's dinco d, you know, the d? 
(here's the phone) (sup c.b.? )
I'm coming (hurry up, hurry up!)
Milo started throwing on all the cuts
Walking to the crib and I heard "hello"
Turned, it was epitome and shemello
Told them the scoop and I kept stepping
Almost had to stop and I started sweating
Rob pulls up, he says "come on get in"
Place was packed with stupid skins
Got to busta's crib and grabbed a 40
Cracker jack's habit, naughty naughty
Grabbed the gold tone microphone
Woke up saturday, I zoned
Zone coaster (the international...) (repeat 16x)