
Yeah, niggas want to talk shit in the muthafucking room
I got something for your motherfucking ass, check it out
Rampage, I'm coming express through your chest
In the Lex GS, stop talking BS
My watch is still flooded
850 for the budget
I'm rugged, cats get gutted, rhyme then stab
Send their rusty ass friend to the lab
You's a crab, I take mines off the top like Fab
Hit you with a jab for the '98
Number one in Billboard with the triangle shape
Flipmode on every mix tape, watch you cats get scrape
Rampage, Alexander the great
What? Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Now whose the chick to come ice the cake
Put it through everybody on my license plate
(Aight)
Ripping MCs, then got a rap chick fiending
(Fiending)
Celine type creaming
(Creaming)
Make them rappers poof like them crackers did Keenen
Meaning I run that, waiting on mine like I'm the LL comeback
Wack rappers crawled out from holes
Now you souped 'cuz you slithered up the todem pole
Flipmode Squad affiliate of, of Time, Warner
Send all you punks back to decorate the corner
Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Now Baby Sham take the safety off hold
There's a lot of fake cats that jump in their man's Rolls
Come to my show with these fake wallos
Turquoise hid invoiced with plans to blow
See me backstage with the gauge upholds my pants leg
Handmade suits, contracts is in the briefcase
Life negotiate, so when I split these pies
I'm sexing your dime
Flow for flow, battling rhymes
Talking some crime, now I gotta split your time
(What, what?)
Get your shit pushed back like these seats recline
(Yeah)
Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Sliff Star throw on my scully, tipping my brim
(Uh, huh)
Stand on the street corner scuffing up my Timbs
Take off my jacket, pack the four fifth, cause a racket
(That's right)
Freaky fella, Jimmy swaggert, kill a sucka, brothers had it
(Wha? Ha)
Contradiction, crucifixion
False leadership, Richard Nixon
Bouncing and switching the lanes, all up in the Range
Here's a fifty for twenty dollars of gas, gimme my change
Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Hey, it's the world's famous international, sinner irrational
(Ha)
Nigga who dance with wolves, masterful bash skulls
Crack axles peel out in black Fords
Splatter brains on dashboards, start anthrax wars
Seize cast like task force, die on a cross
(Ha)
July 4th, blow your hands off
(Blaow)
Special delivery
Jam 'cause with ghetto misery when I'm killa breeds of canine
Last name, heard it through the grapevine
Killing your blood millennium bug
United States divide with hate crimes
Roll snake eyes in the concrete jungle of hell
While Lord have, stays super like the son of Jor-el
What? You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
Better run for cover for it's too late, what?
You know we got it locked way out of state, what?
I be the last nigga, the quick to bust your ass, niggas
Do anything in this world to get the cash, niggas
I might even get mad and even slash niggas
Rob them and get away in a car and crash niggas
What's the world gonna do when I drop the smash, nigga?
Iron all in your face, don't make me pull the trigga
Another reason for me to have to poor my own swigga
Thought I was posing for word up but a Fed took my picture
Surgeon general I represent the underneath
The ask for shit beef, the world's greatest fucking thief
Brick layer, hardcore, smash your front teeth
Wilding it straight, giving their mother mad grief
Rob a nigga, strip him down, leave him in his briefs
Do so much dirt, the priest asked me to turn another leaf
Made the priest flip, change his whole belief
Started wilding in the club with them niggas starting beef
Act fool