
For the ghetto media, don't let 
the light-skin fool ya', I will f**k you up. 
. . . when the 
thugs cry 
This is what it sounds like [this is 
what it sounds like, this is what it sounds like . . 
.] . . . 
. . . when the thugs cry [when 
the thugs cry, when the thugs cry]. 
Nigga we represent the planet get schizophrenic n 
panic maybe the past would understand if they'd get 
off their ass and mash. 
How do you manage? Paranoid, don't even trust my 
boyz watch for the plot and deploys envoys scopin 
like a dope fiend. But 
I'm smokin in the alleyz with these ghetto guns and 
erased my funds Watts, niggas in Cali take bullets to 
the brain still rowdy Jesus 
really never died, you crucified mutual suicide. Who 
am I? Local with vocals going coast to coast. 
Heaven'll move me right fo 
sho deception weather my brethren but sunny days when 
they parlay get killed when they get tah steppin 
'member the weapon's 
close and the doctor said I need time to myself on 
the ocean those frivolous thoughts but I'm brought up 
full of this independence 
caught up sever relentless evil intentions nobody 
knows him even the henchmen warrior, poet, never to 
mention I love my lady 
rebel we can get the stroke on, we can get the stroke 
on, we can get the stroke on, we can get the stroke 
on, when the thugs cry. 
This is what it sounds like [this is 
what it sounds like, this is what it sounds like . . 
.] . . . 
[Come on, come on, 
come on . . .] 
. . . when the thugs cry [when 
the thugs cry, when the thugs cry]. 
[Are you ready, 
ready, ready?] 
We keepin the lights on at Ruthless and I ain't 
f**kin the boss lookin at me sexy take your clothes 
off but my dick'll go soft! never 
mix business with your sickness enemy see me flippin 
in the picnic with your little divide and conquer but 
my sister was ready to 
bomb her! Get off the dizznik, and up off my voice 
me and my boyz give us a choice how could you ever 
 
tell Sony that I was the 
only one was making noise ain't it a breech of 
trust look in the gutter, unh, never judge yo book by 
its cover, word to the 
muthaf**ka I......I didn't studder but what if I 
lost it and came in the office and nobody noticed with 
liquid explosives on top of 
Versace clothes give up the ghost Krayzie's Picasso, 
lil' Layzie like Caesar, Stack's like lil' Pesci N 
Casino and Wish don't give a 
f**k! O I'm Gambino -n- the walkin dead wake up on 
the wrong side of the bed. Bible of survival triple 
six rivals, triple six rival 
member you said I read but I roll with killas, Niggaz 
that'll bust in the club you don't feel us strapped in 
the bed, strapped pickin up 
the kids in the 
realest, the realest, the realest. 
This is what it sounds like [this is 
what it sounds like, this is what it sounds like . . 
.] . . . 
[Yeah, yeah, yeah . . . 
come on, come on, come on.] 
. . . when the thugs cry [when 
the thugs cry, when the thugs cry]. 
[Are you ready, 
ready, ready?] Oh no! 
It'll make your body shake when it's too late soon 
as you flipped off the safety baby this we all day 
don't tell me you crazy, will 
they sell me? Hell, naw! For reason this weepin' 
widow be the demon so cheap and at least she peepin go 
peep deep dead in yo 
pockets no sleep. Rollin' with my crucifix Lucifer 
usually uses the rule of these wicked tricks in the 
school of these ghetto games 
and the fool of this bitch's mist I say shame, shame, 
shame. Enemies attacking me actually I'm in the grain 
ask Mr. Majesty these 
casualties well they're passin me by but I hear death 
callin' when it's so cold in a room who's stallin' 
better come after me, we say 
fucK y'all all in the 
battle we, battle we, battle we. 
This is what it sounds like [this is 
what it sounds like, this is what it sounds like . . 
.] . . . 
. . . when the thugs cry [when 
the thugs cry, when the thugs cry]. 