
Let's do it dunn, my man that's why I keep my mouth tight
Ain't got no worries for y'all niggaz man, y'all niggaz is crazy
Hey yo, its hell on earth down here the pavement scorching
It's more on roc when the Mobb walks in
Shit gets hot like a ill pot of grits spilled on you
Spit fire with nines but never squealed on you
I understood you should try to take my life
If I was you I would too damn right
If I had drama with a nigga like such as myself
I couldn't even sleep at night until
I made things right
Pull out guns exchange a fight
Be the first to let off mines ignite the pipes
And never let the daylight deceive
During the suns' hours niggaz do bleed
Aim for the waist and something on the top gets shot
Niggaz can't shoot never made a thing drop
Keep cream of the crop
Fresh out of box shit filled to the top
Smell the barrel when its bolt-locked nigga
Have you ever lost a loved one?
Or never understood love till you lost one?
Where your heart at?
I left mines behind with my dearly departed
Where your heart at? Strength missing
To take losses is the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest, strive regardless
Where your heart at? Brave hearted
Now lets find out where niggaz hearts at
This is to my physical you gone to me you still here
I be buggin' thinking how you doin' up there
Probably watching over me calling out my fouls
Fuck with mad chicks but I take care of my child
I miss that ass tell God I said, "Pardon me"
If your real, he'll forgive me, no doubt
But I ain't crying no more about how you're gone
Used to hold me down niggaz front it's on
Ain't wetting going to jail you better shoot me
Just lost my heart, if I die you comin' wit' me
Quickly while I'm pissy they're just bitches thats' a little to frisky
Risky on point hope these cats is getting the point whisper out my name
Stand but please don't point call me paranoid
But I'm on point close by the stash joint got you in my mind
I guess thats why the say love is blind
Strength missing we take losses be the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest, strive regardless
Where your heart at? Brave hearted
You better finish what you started dunn
If you ever lost a loved one?
You'll never understand love till you lost one
Where your heart at?
I left mines behind with my dearly departed
Where your heart at? Strength missing
To take losses be the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest, strive regardless
Where your heart at? Brave hearted
Now lets find out where niggaz hearts at
Have you ever lost a loved one?
You'll never understand love till you lost one
Where your heart at?
I left mines' behind wit' my dearly departed
Now where your heart at?
I find myself dozing off with it
Waking up every forty minutes
Soaking wet dripped to death in it
On top of rules big barrels and tools get tested
And hittin' off makes my dick get erected
We all strive for a better tomorrow
But as far as today your ass gotsa' pay
And ain't no time better than the present one at hand
And never keep your shit too far from your hand
Think about this are you with your hands on who you running with
Some timers, playa' hata's and dick riders
Bent niggaz' that be crashin' into dividers
Gettin' you into shit got that ass tied up
Got them la'd up got you comin' out of your vault
With no plans of giving back live in serious debt
Your lady fucking other niggaz you a fool for her
Talking 'bout you got money you just using her
Actually loosin' her