
*Spoken*
DJ READY RED: Hey, yo D!  What's up wit them cash registers and 
shit?
WILLIE D: Oh, that's what the average ho see when she look at a 
modern day man.
DJ READY RED: Ain't that the motherfuckin' truth!
WILLIE D:  Yeah.  And these old fickled minded assed niggas wonder 
why a ho be with them one day and another goofy motherfucker the 
next.
DJ READY RED: I think it's time you kicked some more of that shit!
WILLIE D: Yeaaah!
There seems to be a lot of mother fuckers blind to the fact
That a ho is gonna be just that
And this type of ignorance is the very
Reason why so many niggas in the goddamned cemetery
Intelligence is on call
You don't treat a ho like a queen who behaves lika a dog
Are you the type who wont put a ho in front of a trigger
Then you're a ho assed nigga
Goddamned hound
Pound for pound
You knew the ho when she was fucking the whole town
She fucked you and gave your buddies a blow
But your trick ass fell in love with the ho
Tried to change her make her be an angel
You keep putting your damn life in danger
Fronting niggas about that slutty ass trifling crow
You gotta let a ho be a ho
Here's something that I'd like to know (what?)
Why you take that ho, everywhere you go?
You walk around the club wit' the ho in front
Tryin' to keep up with that nasty assed cunt
You say you're captain, but yo' ship she's sinkin'
As soon as you turn your back, the ho is blinkin'
Winkin' her eye at another nigga
But you got her locked down, so you figure
Ho wears your jewelry every goddamned day,
But nigga, you just got the ho on display
Wouldn't let her be herself, cause you's a goddamned wimp
Now you know why hos date pimps
She's a rhinestone freak 5 days a week,
But you get mad when niggas pop on her ass
Goddamned slutty ho, the bars are loaded
Don't try to change her
You let the ho be a ho!
Shes a ho, (D how the fuck you know?)
Every time I see the ho she's with a new negro
Shes the type of ho that's bound
To wear shorts up her ass when your friends come around
Shes the kinda ho that'll make you cry
The kinda ho you have to call before you come by
So why do you wanna kill when she says no more
You ain't the first to be dumped by a goddamned whore
Crazy mother fuckers fighting over hos
Stealing for their asses and jumping out of windows
If a ho wants out I let her sinky ass go
Cos i'ma let a ho be a ho
*Spoken*
WILLIE D: Now do y'all follow me so muthafuckin' far?
GETO BOYS: Yeah!
AKSHEN: Hell yeah. I remember I was with this ho named Kim.  
Let her use my car.  Bitch went to go see another nigga.  I damn 
near killed that ho!
WILLIE D: I fucked that ho, man!
AKSHEN: You a mutafuckin' lie!
WILLIE D: I ain't bullshittin'!  Didn't I, Bushwick and Red?
DJ READY RED: He went up in that bitch, man!
BUSHWICK BILL:  On the for rilla, my nigga.
WILLIE D: Akshen, I'm telling you man...
I fucked that ho before you even knew her
Made her pussy go brrrrr when I stuck my dick to her
I knew she was a ho the first time I met her
So I got another ho and took them to the other level of the game
Got them high as a kite
And fucked both of those hoes that goddamned night
Then I sat back and relaxed
As they 69ed and ate each others cats
I dropped them off at home
God damn look at this shit my wallets gone
The hoes beat me but I left it alone
And used that shit as a stepping stone
I played it off the next time I saw the hoe
I just laughed and fucked her ass some more
She licked my ass and sucked my balls
And if I see her right now I can get some more
You gotta let a ho be a ho
*Spoken*
WILLIE D: Yeah, buddy.  Willie D ain't gonna let none of these hos
get him down.  I ain't cryin' or dyin' over none of you hos.  I 
ain't buyin' you no leather.  I ain't buyin' you no suede, no 
jewelery, no contacts, Lee Nails.  I ain't buyin' you no hair, no 
makeup, food, none of that good shit!
BUSHWICK BILL: Tell 'em D!
*Outro*
You gotta let a ho be a ho.