
Thanks to mart666@xxl.ee for these lyrics.  [Hen-Gee]  With God by your side  Dear Homie, whats the hap, since your up in the sky?  Homie what's it like?  I know your bein' treated right No more worries Plus you're bein heard G  I guess you know niggaz is still trippin I don't know why, they see a future in it  We're headed for self-destruction  Can't function Only thing I can do is pray  And thank God, for another day  Yes Homie, it's rough down here. I gotta watch my back  Cos it's hard being black  It's my own colour  If it ain't the other Tryin to hurt me  Tryin to work me   Ain't no L-O-V-E  Please tell me why, Dear Homie Dear Homie, gang-bangin ain't joke  [Ice-T] Always knew there was fools out to get me  And I'm lookin over ya loc  I didn't even hear the gunshots till after the slugs hit me  I grabbed for my chest and my neck, hopin When my head hit the ground my skull busted open  You used to ask for my advice Well Dear Homie, dyin ain't nothin nice And the place I'm at is overpacked With young blacks who crash crack and gats  I can only pray  You don't come this way You gotta stay alive, you got a kid G I feel ya partner but I worry alot  Bust shots I know you're tryin' to comfort me   But I don't want no company, Homie  [Hen-Gee] Dear Homie, even though you're gone I still fell your presence  Cos I just can't see Sometimes I can sleep  Reality like it really should be seen I still reminisce on how we used to kick it  Strollin' the yard, just hangin' out together  And now I'm hopin, you're seeing a true friend in me  we where meant to be Down for whatever, whenever   [Ice-T] Dear Homie, you used to call me O.G.  Now ya really gotta look up to me  Cos the place I'm at, is way high in the sky But the life I lived was just to reckless  I didn't want to die  And many many brothers will go out Too many bad marks on God's checklist Just tryin to get that hard-core street clout  But a street reps final test, is when you're lying in a coffin  with you're hands folded on your chest.  Then ya hear the girls cry Then ya hear the brothers lie  Talkin' about how down you was  Then the next week the back on the street, they cold forgot ya 'cause'.  Don't wanna see ya on your back,  So for me stay sucka free, cos you don't need that, Homie.  Dear Homie...   Dear Homie...  Ya know I miss ya Homie...
														   
														   