
Now I'm a family man that works hard for the money
With the sweetest wife ever *smak* I love you honey
I buy her everything, if it takes my last dollar
Even her nails and her hair to be done at the beauty parlor
We spend ample time together, doin dinner and a movie
And whatever else sounds groovy
And when we want real excitement and drama, word to momma
We walk around in our pajamas in the bahamas
I love her and I need her and I never ever cheat her
I'm far too carin to be considered a woman beater
My style is gentle, romantic and friendly
Nothin like the husband from _sleeping with the enemy_
I thought that she was in love with me
I used to think that she couldn't get enough of me
But lately things been seemin strange and..
Baby you changed
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
Now I've heard of traffic but I've never heard of when
You get off at five and don't make it home til ten
Another thing that I can't comprehend:
Matchbox and pens from the holiday inn
And every night that I had to work late
I come home to see that the bathroom ain't straight
I look at the toilet bowl and wonder whassup
Because I know damn well that she don't piss with the seat up
And lookin at the underwear in the room
Now I wear silk drawers; whose fruit of the looms? 
Another thing that's quite bizarre -
My bathrobe smelled like brut, but I use dakar
Now I'm seein that she's treatin me crummy
Also, she must take me for some dummy
Because she'll lay in bed and say, "come on in"
But them ain't the same bedsheets from this morning
Now yeah my dear have you been busted
But I still feel like p.e., +can't truss it+
You need another lover like you need a hole in your head
And you might get that, you cheesy rat
Cause thinkin about the cost of a divorce
I feel like johnny taylor, it's cheaper to keep her
Cheatin on me, what's the reason why? 
I hope you die
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
You done hurt me, broke my heart
And played me for your fool
Now here's my chance to get back at you
And I'm gonna blow my cool
All day long, I'm just singin a
Somebody done somebody wrong song
I'm tryin to see how far can this kid go
Before our relationship ends up on skid row
Why should I try to stay attached to her
When I'm probably better anywhere as a bachelor
So go 'head girl with that game you're talkin
And since you look like cece peniston, +keep on walkin+
Your your your cheatin heart, you're tryin to rip mine apart
Uhh, I wish I'd seen it from the start
Cause now you're caught in what you thought was a fort
Took a short, so I'll see you in court
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
Somebody's... been sleeping in my bed..
[robin harris]
I hate my wife
I wear my wedding ring on the finger
Cause I married the wrong God damn woman
[richard pryor]
I leave homegirl ? 
And come back home, college feet be on