
Yes, scott larock you know you rule hip-hop
Yes, mr. lee you can rule hip-hop
And, b-57 you can rule hip-hop
But, krs-one rule it non-stop
When I'm in brooklyn, yes, we rulin hip-hop
When I'm in manhattan, we rulin hip-hop
When I'm in queens, we rulin hip-hop
And when in staten island we rulin hip-hop
But in the bronx, we rulin y'all tonight
But in the bronx, we rulin y'all tonight
We come to rock you whether you're black or you're white
Cos krs-one you know I'm never ? frank? 
Come catch a star
The girlies are free
Cos the crack costs money
Oh yeah
I say the girlies are free
Cos the crack costs money
Oh yeah
Ridin one day on my freestyle fix
Jammin to a tape scott larock had mixed
I said to myself "this tape sound funky"
Ridin past the 116th street junkie
Thought I saw denise but I was only assumin
Took another look and that butt was boomin
Did a little trick on my freestyle fix
And I was right beside the girl, she was all on the tip
She said "hi, dj krs"
She kissed me on my neck so I gave her a peck
She said "i'm really in a hurry so I cannot wait
If you give me a life while we ride to the ? bait? "
She jumped on my bike, I said "huh, what's your stop? "
She said "right around the corner to the crack spot
If you buy me a crack I'll know how to act
But if you don't, you might as well step back"
I said "now how the hell we jump off to this? 
I'm doin you a favor, I'm givin you a lift"
She said "krs, you know it goes"
I said "yeah, you little.....it seems that you're a hoe"
I did a little trick on my freestyle fix
And she was right on the ground lookin after it
Because...
A girl tried to take my out one day
For a play, not your everyday ? trey? 
We walked to the spot, she says she want a rock
I looked in my pocket, didn't have a lot
I said "you better get yourself a job"
She tried to tell me that times were hard
I told the hoe, I said "yo, that's not my fault
You need a vault", I'm out to assault
Any girl I find who try to take my for mine
I'm gonna have to ? pin? it just another time
But...