
(Intro)
That's him over there, I can't really stand him
I don't like him at all
He's a mean...
(Verse 1)
He's mean... and vicious!
I can't believe he's that rude
To those stories, those rhymes, that Jew
Then he put 'em on the floor like cat food
Then put 'em on the track like glue
Then put 'em on ya head like hat
Hey back to you, Lu
Black power, I'm just runnin' wit a barrel full of black powder
Wit a hole in it, holdin' it, wheezin' deep, breathin'
Runnin' from the fire on the trail I keep leavin'
I can't shake it I swear, it's heat-seekin', I keep seekin'
Somewhere to hide from it, I can die from it
But it keep, keepin' up just when I think that I've done it
It keep, sneakin' up. Oh leakin' barrel of black powder
How that flame keep reachin' us?
Just one of the long rended extended metaphors of Lu's
This time I use the example of a fuse to demonstrate
How I can't lose, I would put it down but I can't
Due to the glue that I use to fuse everything together
Well I spill some on my hands and god damn!
I might have to carry this forever
Well I'm crazy to the game 'til they bury me, insane!
(Chorus)
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
of Chicago liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
of Chicago liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was known to bang
Now he's doin' his thang, doin' his thang
(Verse 2)
Truthfully I have trouble with second verses
'Cause the first one be so intimidating
It be bullyin' pickin' on it instigating
Pointin' out all the second one's limitations like,
You ain't nothin' but an imitation like
bits of bacon then he gets the chorus and the beat to get together
Then they all gang up on 'em and get to hatin'
But then around that 8th bar he tires
so they conspire and commiserate
and then he finds his inspiration
To spar, he takes a few seconds of Judo lessons
Gets back on beat, then punches the guitar
They stand in awe like,
When did you write that?
They even right black
First verse already happened so he don't have a chance to fight back
I like that!
Abignail Junior, check me
You gon' respect me, aight track?
Listen to 'em, feelin' himself
Swagger up! And a few ad-libs to back it up
Let's back it up
I think you've had enough
Gimme my mic back
You ain't even write that
Oh it's like that?
Track stop pumpin' til this nigga stop frontin'
Yeah, yeah now write back
(Chorus)
(Verse 3)
Oh my God! My perils and my odds!
I ain't really here what you hear is a mirage!
This ain't the delivery baby, this is just Lamaze
The ice cream and pickles, the tickle and a massage
The King Arthur rhythm of the Knight, El DeBarge
The camouflaged water in the distance,
loggin' a camel to get there with a quickness, mean and vicious
Grinch who stole Christmas, and hid it in the garage
That was a collage, a barrage abroad all things that seem keen 
To help this thing start
Jump jump! My battery charged
I'm bout my green like string beans and beings from Mars
It's a mean thing to be seen with ours
Got that F and F on me, I'm a young lil thrilla
I will resurrect homie, come back for my killa
In some disheveled apparel with that same leakin' barrel, it's on!
(Chorus)
He's mean... and vicious!