
Trigger the Gambler
Iceberg
I'm Smooth the Hustler
So come check us out,
sex money guns dot com
You know smooth man no matter, no matter how much I love a bitch man I 
could be with a bitch and I really want to marry her man and it's 
something that goes on in my head I can't explain.
Chorus x2
Once I bust a nut I'm out.
All the real niggas know what I'm talking about.
We might take you out to dinner buy you shit it's crazy.
But once I bust a nut I'm swazy.
I'm on a one o'clock booty call this girl is a freak.
Lights out.
Drop those drawers pull back those sheets.
But hold up.
Stand up and throw your head to your feet.
And you can bite up on the pillow if I'm in too deep.
Bad shots.
Always sad I never cuddle in bed.
I only cuddle your neck while you're giving me head.
And that's all.
And I told you we can fly and the ball.
But I'm wrong.
We can do it up and buy out the mall.
But I'm gone.
I'm on the next bus, next club, next slut, next fuck 
fucking the next one, next up
Legs up.
How many girls I done hit up and ran
I'm like smooth I'm already trying to fuck your friends.
Then I'm...
Chorus x2
Once I bust I'm out.
All the real niggas know what I'm talking about.
We might take you out to dinner, buy you shit it's crazy.
But once I bust a nut I'm swayze.
Sometimes my dick gets hard as a pole.
Fucked so many bitches think my dick went gold.
I love the stripping bitches, dancing bitches, fat butt hoes.
I love the high heeled bitches with the sexy toes.
If you're really hot.
I might buy you some clothes.
Fat enough ass.
You get to ride on my rolls.
Good enough head.
Might get you some gold.
But once I bust off daddy's back on the road.
Cause once I hit the drawers I start noticing flaws.
Didn't realize your gut was that big or that big.
I'm back in the same club I met you slut.
Bitches just demanding me hard dick insanity.
I really loved you up until I fucked you.
Once I skied, it's kinda like a track meet.
How fast can i get some fresh pussy on my dick.
A different type hoe, a different color bitch.
Chorus
Once I bust a nut I'm out.
All the real niggas know what I'm talking about.
We might take you out to dinner buy you shit it's crazy.
But once I bust a nut I'm swayze.
I got go to put my pants on.
She said where are you going handsome?
Trying to hold a nigga for randsom.
After all the shit I bought and then some.
Smiling with her mouth full of cum.
Another one dumb dumb.
Gotta go, got another hoe 
waiting for me in the lobby, yo
And plus she got body too.
She's beautiful.
Toes done to the cuticle.
Hold up ma you know 
what I'll do to you bitch?
Chew you out beat it up put it your butt
Blindfold you hand cuffed then mind mold you.
It's all gravy, baby When I roll through.
Bag your hold crew We can menage a trois it up
While your girl licking my butt
Rubbing my gut playing with my nuts.
Love your shape
Wanna squeeze and hold you
but bitch I told you
Chorus x 2
Once I bust a nut I'm out.
All the real niggas know what I'm talking about.
We might take you out to dinner buy you shit it's crazy.
But once I bust a nut I'm swayze.
I got this thing for titties and long hair. Bitches with curves.
But I kick them to the curb if they get on my nerves.
I swerve to the right.  Hit the lock.  Hit the block.
Think I'm feeling that hard.  Stop playing.
Cause I beg them.  Bag them.  Beat them in the head.
Later they beat me and beg to meet me in the bed.
Damn.  I'm such a good talker.
I'm like fuck her cause I could fuck her.
But then I threw her dick suck offer.
Now homegirl flippin in her own world trippin.
She falls for anything. Old girls slippin.
I told her roll with her roll with her homegirl.
Both girls dippin.  Now me her and her homegirls switchin.
So homegirls listen.
Chorus
Once I bust a nut I'm out.
All the real niggas know what I'm talking about.
We might take you out to dinner buy you shit it's crazy.
But once I bust a nut I'm swayze.