
Featuring KRS One]  
 Yo.. yo  yo! One two!  
 Yeah.. aiyyo Kris  tell em whassup though  
 [KRS One]  
 Coming atcha live and direct! (That's right)  
 Digital Underground kid  you know whassup  hah  
 Aiyyo Kris is chillin  Shock G's chillin  
 [Shock G]  
 What more can we say  about the villains?  
 The real killers chillin in the White I mean the  
 The smile of seedy greedies, deprivin the needy, breakin treaties  
 Not Right House  want me to be they lab white mouse  
 Overseas whylin while they profilin on the TV's  
 Some of em cool though, see I like that nigga Bill  
 Hittin everything in town, and he got that smile down  
 Now let's break down the meaning of a smile  
 Is it happiness and blissfulness? Well let's go down the list  
 You got the "Phony They Don't Know Me Let Me Have My Feel" smile  
 You got the "Real Deal For Real Real" smile  
 The "Dumb Embarrased" smile  
 The "Oooh She Look Delicious Sure That Girl Is Lavish" smile  
 Then you got the "Shake Your Head, Naah Black,  
 That Shit Was Wack" smile  
 We Can Hit The Sack" smile  
 The "Across The Bar, Yeah It's Cool,  
 The "Crack" smile, the "Caught In The Act" smile  
 Delayed React" smile  
 The "Over My Shoulder Caught You Scheamin On Me  
 The smile you're really glad to see, when it comes round  
 You glance back, your man who packs that, once in a while  
 The spot's hot, they got you boxed in, it's bout to go down  
 gives you the  
 "Oh I'm Strapped, Do Your Thing, Baby I Got Your Back" smile  
 Smi-ling fa-ces, some-times  
 [KRS-One]  
 Smi-ling fa-ces, show no tra-ces  
 Pre-tend, to be your friend  
 of the evil, that lurks within  
 Whaddya think I joke? (Nope)  
 Me a Wild T'ing, like Tone Loc, you betta be go  
 Whaddya think I sniff coke? (Dope)  
 When the sound clash erupt, rev up  
 Step up to the cut, "Wassup?"  
 I show up to blow up and leave the spot to' up  
 You know what? I'ma go nut  
 It's the regular, when you check for the  
 And you know what? Yeah so what?  
 one that perfected the  
 smiling face people posing as your equal  
 Knowin they wanna beat you defeat you and eat you  
 but they greet you with peace and love  
 Not beneath but above  
 Not with the beast but the dove  
 No grudge, til you turn your back and learn the facts  
 Now the cheek, give a hug, snug  
 The tree is only known by it's fruits  
 It's called learn the truth  
 These smiling faces, in many places, sometimes they racist  
 Sometimes they be your family members remember,  
 Sometimes they sexist, sometimes they want your Lexus  
 "Oh no not my lady, oh no not my fellow"  
 with them you thought you'd never ever sever  
 But they was two-faced and headless  
 with a whole 'nother agenda but clever to say whatever  
 forever, let me make this relationship better  
 If you're real, stay real, be real  
 Smi-ling fa-ces, some-times  
 The truth, we got to treasure, not these  
 Smi-ling fa-ces, show no tra-ces  
 Pre-tend, to be your friend (They know they phony)  
 of the evil, that lurks within (They may be lurkin)  
 You know whassup, hah!  
 KRS-One, Shock Jigga (that's me baby)  
 Ha ha, word  
 (Yo, just let the beat breeze)  
 C'mon (uhh)  
 C'mon  
 Uhh, uhh, woooh!  
 (yeah, 'cause they be lurkin)  
 (Never trust a big butt and a smile baby)  
 (Yo Kris that's peace baby)  
 (They know the deal)  
 uh-huh  
 (A smile ain't nothin but an upside down frown)  
 Word  
 (Never trust a big butt and a smile)  
 Uh-huh
														   
														   