
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Newcomers, step on back and if you hid last summer
Catch a heart attack 'cause I'm back
I'm bad, you write rhymes made are blad
I'm mad 'cause they said I wasn't bad
No recognition 'cause they said I'm from the ghetto
Carryin' nine millimeters and stilettos
I guess I need a TV show to get mine
But I don't feel like kissin' no director's behind
That's too soft for L
I'ma write a rhyme fighter inside of the rebel 'Yell'
Hour jack loops and dancer troops
Watch out for the gangsta machine gun lose
Ain't no stoppin' this, nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this
Nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, no way, ain't no stoppin' this
Nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, never, ever, no, ain't no stoppin' this
Nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this
Last year pop rappers got awards
And don't know a damn thing about a block party mic cord
They see LL, they know the brothers real
But the flies can tell you exactly how they feel
When I come in the door it's like I'm made of dynamite
I gotta blow up more and more
Shakin' the rafters from here on after
Puttin' an end to all the laughter
There ain't no way they can win
With the band all in plus the turntable spin
Strip searchin' competition, you can call 'em competition
But there ain't no competition 'cause I'm on a mission
I'ma rip this game, I want the soul train families
And anybody with a name, superstars step aside this year
And all you other little crumbs that wanna try to come near
I'm sick and tired of political setbacks
Too much red tape the box so forget that
Ain't no stoppin' this, ain't no stoppin' this, ain't no stoppin' this
I'm comin', ain't no stoppin' this, nah, ain't no stoppin' this
Nuh uh, no, ain't no stoppin' this, never, ever, no,
Ain't no stoppin' this, nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, don't stop
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
Party people are you with me? Party people are you with me?
I started in the basement of my grandmother's house
My rap got gashed, your whole body's' gettin' doubts
Burnt to a crisp, lead from the mist
Third degree and God's my only witness
When I shocked the world, hold the prince hostage
For the diamonds and pearls Maker Mike will return
The time tellin' Madonna black love ain't a crime
I'm like a shogun, I ain't scared of no one
Born and raised in New York, that's where I come from
Ain't no stoppin' this, nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this
Nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, never, ever, no, ain't no stoppin' this
Ain't no stoppin' this, nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this
Nah, nah, ain't no stoppin' this, never, ever, no, ain't no stoppin' this
Yeah, I rip downtown, uptown
I love the way the bass sound, when I'm underground
Boulevard to boulevard, avenue to avenue, I'll be havin' you
Playin' a scene to a song so mean that'll get
Your whole car rockin' like a war machine
Neighbors downstairs call current affairs
'Cause the party got ripped and yours truly was there
Ain't no stoppin' this, 1984, ain't no stoppin' this
1985, ain't no stoppin' this, 1986, ain't no stoppin' this
1987, ain't no stoppin' this, 1988, ain't no stoppin' this
1989, ain't no stoppin' this, 1990, ain't no stoppin' this
91, ain't no stoppin' this, 92, what to do?
1993 and all that infinity, power of God rules