
Diamonds are forever, they won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might desert me
(Diamonds are forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever)
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
  (And ever)
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived, 'cause
It take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes, well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better **** than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talkin' 'bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember, I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a Drop-Top Porsche
It's for yourself that's important
If you stripper name Porsche and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend her nickname is Minivan
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't because
(Diamonds are forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever)
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
  (And ever)
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in 'em
30 minutes later seein' there's no convincin' 'em
What more can you ask for? The international
Who complains about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is 3 years old?
You gotta love it though somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change, or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye but some of my plaques, they still say, 'Kane'
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them folks ain't from Motown
Life movin' too fast I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ***, she need to go down
My father Ben said I need Jesus, so he took me to church
And let the water wash over my creaser
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you can call you gotta best believe it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new **** sound like the best of
A&R;'s lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
In the studio, where really though, yeah, he next up
People askin' me, is I gon' give my chain back?
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question dog, "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man, are y'all okay man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like, Amen
Right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands
(Diamonds are forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
(Diamonds are forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever)
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
  (And ever)
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Diamonds are forever
Diamonds are forever
Forever and ever