
[pete rock] to all my bronx niggaz (yeah!)
"and I say right about now get ready to get down
To the funky sound of the man they call"
"pete rock"	"and method man"
[method man]
Dumbheads, what? 	cherryheads.. what? 
Appleheads, what what what? 
(meth-tical, you know how we do dunn, yeah
Hit it off you know what I mean, like this y'all)
P.r., take them to the bridge, uhh!
Chorus: pete rock
Float on this magnificient track wise intelligent
All-star jamerican yes the rap vet
Reinforce your threat, who got the money to bet
Against the number one, holdin down the position
Crush the competition with the limited edition
Heavy caliber rhyme, shootin down ya peace sign
The war's on for real, run grab ya shield
Yo meth, take the steel and let these cats know the deal
[method man]
Style blazin, iron lung on this collaboration
Money for the takin I ain't sweatin confrontation
With p.r.ah, we beez the mens of tomorrow
Master, license to kill, bringin the horror
To ya house like amityville, keepin it more than real
Niggas ain't supposed to feel, hot nicks ya know the deal
If you read the resume, gives a fuck what niggaz say
Timb boots to pave the way, here I come to save the day
Yes stoppin the fuckin press, transform to mister mef
See that logo on my chest, save a damsel in distress
Hot shit, in the song, got to get until it's gone
Kids wanna get it on get smacked up and shit upon
Right til ya prove me wrong, think you can do me hunh? 
Can't we all just get along, in this modern babylon? 
Dueling with my nemesis, layin down laws
Don't start if you can't finish it, I'm telling you pah!
Got the power of a meteor shower, comin down
On all ya cowards, trickin ya funds and sniffin powders
Here we come, straight from the slums, dynamic duo son
Ghost rider jonathan and soul brother number one
Chorus: repeat 2x (sampled and scratched by rock)
"sendin this one out.. to my man" -> prodigy
"meth-tical" -> meth		"pete rock"
"half man, half amazin" -> nas
"make it hot nigga!" -> big pun
"for you!"	"knowhati'msayin? " -> prodigy
[method man]
Leapin tall buildings in a single bound, faster than a round
Blastin out a forty pound, y'all niggaz fuck around
Take that and handle it, method man I get
Strong with titantic shit, that means abandon ship
Get a life and get a grip, there ain't a problem that I can't fix
Transmittin live from apocalypse
And the cho-co-late, boy wonder, my sidekick
Cowabunga, these evil doers days are numbered
We flexin like the x-men on rap veteran
That be's no question, boy ya need protection son
I'm burnin up check the temperature
Ya fuckin wit the last emperor, iron lung dangerous son
For all who enter the, 36, deadliest chambers
For all the prejudiced, entertainers
There ain't a damn thing you can tell us, bite ya tongue
I be the troublesome, don't sleep niggaz is holdin son
[pete rock]
Pick em off form long range break em down to small change
A new york giant stand in front of ya ...
Squad, what up god, a million to one one odds
That you can't stop this bullet
I'm like refrigerator perry rush right through it and just do it
So act like ya knew it, the mount vernon/shaolin fluid
The rap committee coming live
Through ya city, swing hard like ken griffey
Gain stats, now who's next up to bat? 
Knock em out the box, method man and pete rock
Celebrating victory, rap world remedy
Take a double dose deadly
Deadly kid.. yo!
"c'mon!"	"one two!"
"the numba one set and sound" -> bdp
"meth-tical" -> method
"pete rock, this one's for the crew" -> cl smooth
"half man, half amazin" -> nas
"one two!"	"the numba one set and sound" -> bdp
"meth-tical" -> method		"on arrival"
"pete rock, this one's for the crew" -> cl smooth
"half man, half amazin" -> nas (continues to echo to end)