
Who was, who was, who was
Who was the first to flash the heat on the cover?
Who was the first crew to go against another?
Who was the first to go Acapella on a video replay?
Who was the first to lose a DJ?
Who was the first to teach at Yale?
Who was the first to hit that hip-hop reggae on the nail?
Who was the first to say, "Stop the violence
And teach that real bad boys move in silence"?
You're soon to see the mind bendin' rhyme weapon
Get more busy than two-two-three-double-nine-seven
All these rappers, swear they the best
I know whatchu thinkin' about, where's KRS?
Eighty percent of these rappers fake they shit
The other twenty percent they goin' upstate and shit
There's no way out except knowledge and wisdom
I got it so I spit 'em you ain't got it you gotta get 'em
Who was the first to produce mix and write
At the same time up in the club rockin' the mic?
Who was the first to have a DJ and a side man?
The first to say, "What is hip-hop?", I am
Who was the first to produce gangster shit?
Put out, gangster hits with a gangster click?
Not no prankster shit, Steady B, Mad Lion
Just-Ice, Shabba Ranks and shit
My Channel is Live, my only battle is Jive
MC to MC, you won't survive
You'll be censored 'cause my Crew is 2 Live
I ascend like Christ and watch you die
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop
I'm like Noah, I'm takin' 'em, two by two
I took, them and them and I'll take, you and you
Be I'm right or be I'm wrong, you'll see I'm tight with this mic
You should be like, "B I'm gone", but you still in my face Neo
I'm not your girl all that ice and thug life, that's not my world
I'm the teacher but you still can't see
'Cause while you respect Tupac, Tupac respected me
Another thing, don't ever show me another ring
Remember you Rudy Ray Moore, I'm Martin Luther King
Everything you bring sounds horrendous
You need repentance 'fore I take attendance
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop
Breakers, MC's, writers, beat-boxers
DJ's, hip-hop, hip-hop