
Class in session,what, is, democracy?
Yo it's the rule of the people, the self rule
It's what the people want
That's right, but is this a democracy?
Nah, democracy is a goal to be attained
That's right, the character of the people should be reflected
In the laws and the institution of the state
Pssh, I don't see my character reflected, tell me
Why are all the schools, they fallin' apart?
And why the youth not takin' no musical art?
And why the professionals really don't know where to start?
No, one, really, cares, about
Why the people ain't trustin' the law and the order
And why the hookers from 70's look like our daughters?
And why the radio station they help with the slaughter?
No, one, really, cares, about
The mind, they usin' until it's time they doin' a rhyme
Will ruin what you doin' if you crime pursuin'
Let me tell you 'bout gettin' your family out the mean ghetto
To green meadows where you can finally be settled
That street level, freak level, pullin' out heat level
Eatin' meat level, deceit level, that's that beast level
You gotta stand upright in a house with three levels
Where you don't even see devils
Unless he shovels the snow
Many philosophers live on the low
Never crazy hazy or lazy we get up and go
Whaddya know, I'm always teaching after the show
Not messin' with hoes, I'm with my wife, changin' my clothes
Blowin' my nose, deliverin' blows to foes
With new flows, then disappear where nobody knows
Cause I got too many questions, too many lessons
I gotta go, too many people stressin' but I gotta know
Why these officers gunnin' us down on our block?
And why the President never steps in on these cops?
And why the mayor don't even look like he in shock?
No, one, really, cares, about
Why the call of the poor is always ignored?
And why the senators governors breakin' the law?
And why they taxin' and taxin' and taxin' the poor?
No one really cares about
You, me or themselves you can tell, they livin' in hell
But they come on the TV lookin' so swell
Sellin' you dreams of schemes of you gettin' green and cream
But they never explain the work and all it means
You got to visualize, close the lid on your eyes
And visualize, minimize lies
See yourself bigger in size, quicker to rise up
Wise up climb up, before your time's up but
Why are all the schools, they fallin' apart?
And why the youth not takin' no musical art?
And why the professionals really don't know where to start?
No, one, really, cares, about
Why the people ain't trustin' the law and the order
And why the hookers from 70's look like our daughters?
And why the radio station they help with the slaughter?
No, one, really, cares, about
The votes
That's right
The politics
That's right
The government you know
Uh-huh, people basically have the government they want
If people felt dissed, they'd be out rebellin' right now