
Ghost face
Alex (stolen script)
Yeah, Thats right,
Hardy Boys shit
Smoke a winston to this shit
word up
bout to fuckin blow ya head up
yeah
yo, yo, he got his stones from greece, 
in his mouth he had like 30 plus carats, 
???
smoked cigars like a bogart classic
told niggas if he die he want a glass casket
parents died when he was five years old
made his way inside the US with columbian gold
a fake name, and a passport
???? 
one sister pretty thing light skinned
niggas will body over her like fuck it
with a scar by her left eye
her brother alex was extremely close
he sold coats and minks
had ??? put in toilets and sinks
loved to rollerskate 99 did time up in ???
came home blown ??? kings and soldiers 
never gave a fuck about that mc beef in queens
Alex, he was a rich nigga, he had close to ten bodies under his belt
his man did the last one and got murdered himself
took him a while to get his head together
alex one day, out in a l.a. made a call to new york
told his man I-God its going down
fly the whole team in for support
member that ray shit that jamie foxx played
that was my shit i never got paid
they got rich off a stolen strip
In 98 i seen charles on the cali strip
sold him copyrights his life and ??? flip
In brail he read it in no time
hit it me with his ?? i give you some more lines
real talk stand up dude
said how yo like jamie foxx to replay you
he said yeah thats cool but
under one circumstance, you think he can bow my walk
flip my talk and my hands
i said sure why not 
he can imitate anything turst me this young boy hot
shook his hand and i bounced in the limo
grabbed my cell bit my cigar then rolled down the window
contacted stonybrook and roberts, told em we got it in 10 
now that yo ray ray signed it
now we can move on and shoot this live shit, with mad options
paramount and dreamworks we shopping
on mandelay and new line coppin
i go and get 10 mill and blow it on the independent market
but anyway down in ??? changed i had a meeting with this rich investor
said hed throw 20 million on the kids film only if he chose the cash
he was drunk he was talking real fast
so i test his mouth, laid back then i put him on blast, 
where exactly you gonna get this cash
i got a an ill gotti ??? connect, wise guys they kill
???? catchin bodies earning respect
they waiter came and he dropped of the shrimp fried rice
he ordered, i said thankas as he poured my water
then out came the veggie roll, sesame chicken and mint tea 
rice wine had me wantin to pee
i said excuse me i'll be right back, pardon me
grabbed his glass and he nodded to me
standed up to take a piss this shit felt like a nut
got back the dude vanished breifcase tooken off
asked the waiter where he go the mother fucker spoke spanish