
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Yo, started off on the island, A K Shaolin
Robert Whylin, gun shots thrown the phone dialin'
Back in the days I'm eight now, makin' a tape now
Rae gotta get a plate now
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one
Till I got blam, blam, thrown one
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since sixteen
Shootin' that, that's, that sh*** in his blood stream
That's the life of a Crimey, real live Crimey
And others know the half is behind me
Day one, yo, growin' all up in the ghetto
Now I'm a weed fiend, jettin' the palmetto
In Medina, yo, no doubt the God got crazy clout
Pushin' the big joint from down south
So if you're filthy stacked up
Betta watch ya back and duck
'Cause these fiends they got it cracked up
Now my man from up North, now he got the law
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt
No jokes, I'm not playin', get his folks
Desert eagle his joint and put 'em in a yolk
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop
I pointed a gat at the safe box
Open it up kid, I want anythin', right now boy, word up
Dedicated to the winners and the losers
Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers
Dedicated to the Y's, 850 I's
Dedicated to *** who do
Dedicated to the Lexus and the AX
Dedicated to MPV's phat
Yo, kickin' the fly cliches, doin' duets with Rae and A
Happens to make my day
Though I'm tired of bustin' off shots havin' to rock knots
Runnin' up in spots and makin' *** hot
I'd rather flip shows instead of those
Hangin' on my living room wall
My first joint, and it went gold
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade
Plus the spot light
Gettin' my *** rubbed all night
I wanna have me a phat yacht
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops
But for now, it just a big dream
'Cause I find myself in the place where I'm last seen
My thoughts must be relaxed
Be able to maintain
'Cause times is changed and life is strange
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs
Brothers, passin' away, I gotta make wakes
Receivin' all types of calls from upstate
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure, settlin' for lesser
The God left lessons on my dresser
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
Continue to make more hits with Rae and A
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime
Peace to mankind ghost face carry a black nine
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that?
Can it
All so simple then?
Can it be that it was all
Simple then?
Can it be?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Can it be that it was all so simple then?