
(Akon)
Konvict
Ooh eyy 
Ooh eyy
Ooh eyy
Its akon and UGK and UGK and UGK
Its akon
That girl she got me way she movin in place and bendin in front of these people with that butt in my face
I want her bad as hell.
I'm so ready can't you tell.
I want her bad as hell.
I can't control it can't you tell baby
(UGK)
Show me what your working with
Ever got knowcked off on a bumper kit?
(kit)
I keep the Gold Magnum rubber wit some K-Y (Y)
Try to see where i'm comin from,get it in yo eye (In your eye)
I like it when you get DOWWWN like a girl suppose 
(pose)
Roll on her donk but get that s**t up out yo nose
(nose)
Is that where all your money goes? (goes)
I spend mine on Benz and Vogues
Voices choices, get on the pole
Slide down, move around and bring the money back home
Heeeee ain't pimp, he's a clone
Gurl wanna eat my d**k when dey smell my cologne
I'm so Th'owed in the Game like Pat
The gurl cant ball, but the muthaf***er fat
GIRRRRL, whatcha gon' do wit all dat?
Pimp C, you miss tease, I dine from the back (from the back)
That girl she got me way she movin in place
Bendin in front of these people, with that butt in my face
I want her bad as hell (hell), I'm so ready, cant you tell?
I want her bad as hell (hell), I can't control it, cant you tell, baby?
She was, 36-24-40
Centerfold stallion, the, life of the party
All eyes on her, and that goes for me too
Five-inch heels and a dress that's see-thru (dayum!)
As soon as I saw her, I knew that it was time (it was time)
As soon as she saw me, she knew that she was mine (she was mine)
If this is a dream, then I don't wanna wake
and it this is as good as it seems, c'mon you gotta shake (gotta shake)
Her body's not real, it look like Crumb drew here
If she don't step to me, I finna run to her
And off top, man, my mouth'll drop man
For a minute, it felt like the world just stopped, man (dayum!)
It started again, now I'm startin to feel
like I could really give baby girl the heart of a trill
And once you got the heart (heart), you got the dough
But right now we gots to go, 'cause baby girl gots to know
That girl she got me way she movin in place
Bendin in front of these people, with that butt in my face
I want her bad as hell (hell), I'm so ready, cant you tell?
I want her bad as hell (hell), I can't control it, cant you tell, baby?
They Boyz, we Men, they On Bended Knees
Make her disappear, you ant the Texas Tea
Girls in France like Texas D
They say, "Ooooooh la la, ah-OUI-OUI!"
Well merci beaucoup, baby girl you know you
got the hot butter that my knife gotta go through
Sometimes it cuts slow, sometimes it cut quick
It don't matter, because it's still good d**k - c'mon
Shawty got me open now
Shake and see what a playa holdin now
Grippin the tight, she ready to own me now
Takin her to the tele, to the mornin now
And round and round I go
When I come up and down, she go
When she come, everybody know
When we come, money's on the flo', baby
That girl she got me way she movin in place
Bendin in front of these people, with that butt in my face
I want her bad as hell (hell), I'm so ready, cant you tell?
I want her bad as hell (hell), I can't control it, cant you tell, baby?