
[parrish smith]
Ah yeah, vacation's over
Suckers still pickin on the four-leaf clover
As I say mic check, epmd's in effect
Snappin necks and cashin large checks
As I flex then wrecks -- so e, what's next? 
[erick sermon]
Shazam, let me tell you who I am
The e-r-i-c-k, s-e-r-m-o-n
Call me a lumberjack, or a midland warrior
Doin damage to the world with the hurricane gloria
I'm serious, you can say I'm furious
You're sayin in your mind, "who is he? " because you're curious
Of the rap style, not heard by the usual
You bite you get damaged, but my brothers stay mutual
[parrish smith]
While I'm makin and takin, emcees shakin and flakin
Pre-heat my oven to three hundred degrees and start bakin
Emcees like potatoes, beats kickin like cato
Gettin philosophical like the greek man plato (who? )
The greek man plato (who? ) the greek man plato
But I'm the a.k.ato flow, bro
As you all will know, I do a show
Pick up the dough and hoe, break to the limo
Money in the pocket, albee's hands on the ammo
Crack the olde gold, as we roll and stroll
Don't play bold sucker, cause you was told
Your spot in the box in eighty-eight was sold
So quit the singin come swingin cause of the beat that I'm bringin
Tryin to wax epmd, you be u.g.-in
On a heavy narcotic, such as speed or crack
Because your rhyme's mediocre but your tracks are wack
Not fiction but fact black, believe that
Then put away your demo cause the brother is back
And get the bozack.. e..
[erick sermon]
Yo, as I sing and do my thing I might sing
Jane, or the whole shabang
But if I snap, during the course of the rap
P tap me on the back, throw the crowd in a flap
Just to distract, til I'm intact
Get my fisherman hat, so I can mack
Groove to the rhythm of a funky track
Like ("yo, you smack me and I'll smack you back")
I come correct with the context, and then next
Then flex and throw a hex on your whole complex
Then check for a second, yo, then sayyy
(r-e-s-p-e-c-t) respect!
For me the e double, or the emcee rap goddess
Cause me and pmd we get ours regardless
So get the bozack.. p..
[parrish smith]
Yo, time to get funky and raw
Stomp mudholes in posses (like who? ) like gigantor
Cause when we roll we come fully equipped
Mic in the hand, tooly, and spare clips
Like a detenator with no ticks I then trip or slip
Or maybe flip while my dj's on the mix
Never lost a battle and if I did it was fixed
You must be sick all on my dilznick, like a jim hat
Your shit ain't pumpin and your rhymes are wack
Cause you're a nickel dime sucka, who hangs with tommy tucker
Like krs-one said, you a part time sucka
Who works o.t., to be like
The capital p, the m, I'm like d
To slay an emcee, on the s-p-o-t
Leave without a motive or a c-l-u-e
So get the bozack.. e..
[erick sermon]
Yo, the mc grand royal on the micraphone
Terrorist, mafioso, a.k. e capone
I'm no joke on the stroke I broke so don't choke
No hopes folks, I quote note for note
You mind float on the rhyme on I wrote (what? )
And does the wild thing, like my boy tone loc
It's equipped with the kit that bit the whole shit
Don't catch a nitfit, because my style legit
Brand new from the crew for you no voodoo
A trick from the flicks master wu kung-fu
Equipped with the posse and the time I need
Cock diesel like rocky and apollo creed
So get the bozack.. p..
[parrish smith]
Yo, mic checkin, checkin and checkin and checkin
Scan the crowd, then start wreckin
Either kill or be killed, in the field of hip-hop
Cause if you're slow you blow you get popped mopped and dropped
If you choose, you lose, here come the oohs and boos
I pop a no-doz, relax my lips and cruise
Past a pooh putt'n sucka whose all about scheamin
Waxin the p twice, you must be dreamin
Cause as you moan and groan, from the mouth you foam
Sayin, "p got inside, I shoulda left p alone"
Cause it's a fact, black, that when I'm loopin the track
To lounge in the danger zone, because I'm back
In fact, jack, before I launch my attack
Premeditate my assassination and come strapped
Playin rough and tough but when I called your bluff
You tried to post on the micraphone doctor and got snuffed
So get the bozack
You get the bozack
You get the b-the-o-the-zack
Get the bozack
Knowhati'msayin e man? 
Brothers ridin the bozack
[erick sermon]
Tell them crab emcees like this, yo
Get the bozack, get the bozack
Get the bo the bo the bo, bozack
Get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack
Get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack
[parrish smith]
Yo.. I don't play..