
We're live in five, four, three, two, one
Welcome everybody, you are 'Live in the Den'
With Big Tigger hangin' out today with one of my friends
Okay if you ain't know, it be one of the best of all time
Busta Bust for short, for some better know me Bust' Rhymes
What's good? Maintainin', same here, just smashin'
How the fam? They all good, my nigga, thanks for askin'
You and yours? We all blessed, things ain't too bad
Still dealin' with last year's sudden loss of my dad
My condolences, thanks dawg, let's begin
Ain't seen you in a sec, Busta, what you been up to since then?
Stayin' healthy and keepin' it movin'
While I just be showin' these other niggaz how to do it
While I'm constantly growin'
I've been learnin' a lot and still earnin' a lot of money crazy
Doin' my thing and securin' a will for all my babies
Well it's clear in this new year you've been busy
But how you been dealin' with the drama of the loss of your man Izzy?
It's been one of the most traumatic times and I'll never forget it
I'm survivin', thus bein' a punchin' bag for those affected
It's somethin' that I accepted, it was hard to understand
The way things happen, but in the end I guess it's God's plan
Heard you beefin' with 5-0, couple cases on rotation
And on top of that Bust' Rhymes is now on probation?
Yeah and I thank Judge Stevens and we was happy to see
That he ain't send me up north 'cause I got a family to feed
Changed your image up last year, cut the dreads down low
And also came the appearance of some major muscles
Now on the low, streets been talkin' like you used needles
Busta Bust, help us out, the public needs to know
Just for the record the reason a nigga cut off the dread
I had to shed, tired of carryin' weight on my head
Secondly, it's all good when niggaz talk but they need to back it up
Only needles I use is when I tat tat tat it up
Some people sayin' you changed even your Flipmode fam
I heard the word's came safe from Rah Digga and Baby Sham
Said you passed the Courvoisier to pick up a gun
Said you more concerned about bein' hard than havin' fun
Wow Tig', I see you takin' it there, you got your arsenal, huh?
I think I know where you got that from, that Vibe article, bruh
The press'll turn your family against each other for 'fetti to sell a book
Besides we all talked already and we good
That's what's up, be clear, it's goin' down
And if you wanna holla at Bust, call us up right now
Phone lines is open, what y'all wanna discuss?
What's good, caller? You 'Live in the Den' with Big Tig' and Bust
Hey Tig', what's good, mom? Enjoyin' the show
But there's somethin' about Busta I've been dyin' to know
Well, holla at him, hey Busta, what's good, ma?
I've been a fan since way back when you dropped 'Woo-Hah'
Yeah, that was my joint
Every album since then always been on point, thank you
Videos and big shows is hardcore
So why you think your albums haven't sold more?
Well baby, the nature of the business is unstable
Especially when your project ain't properly promoted by your label
Any album I put out gold or platinum, just a second
Check the hardware on my walls is major, just for the record
Read about you in a book or two, now tell me, Bust
Please discuss were they all lies or some of it true?
Well, I read about you in a couple of books too, son
But I don't even know, tell me which book you readin' from
Aight, next caller, hey Busta, heard about you on Miss Jones
Why you bringin' up old shit? You need to leave that alone
So I'm sayin' is it true what she said?
Did you jump right out from between her legs and start fryin' eggs?
I can't remember exactly but I used to ride to her hood
And pick her up all hours at night, thought the pussy was good
'Bout 15 years ago, shit, I can't imagine she'd remember
That a nigga made a mean egg sandwich
I seen a couple websites try to put you on blast
With your relationship with home girl with the real fat ass
Who? You talkin 'bout, Deelishis? Yeah, her body is vicious
She like trouble, thus we only friends, y'all made us a couple
How do you deal with the gossip, rumors and lies
And feelin' like each and every move you make is analyzed?
It's all good, you see the blessin' is a gift and a curse
To be in a position I am, shit can be worse
I know my time's runnin' short, so let me get to this thought
I'm sure you wanna thank your fans for all of their support
Absolutely, see y'all are why I shine like the sun
Big up to all my peeps who been ridin' with me since day one
It's why I walk the streets with pride, you niggaz know how I shit it
It's why I rep it thorough for all the fans who stay committed
Now you've been gettin' it in since way back when
So what you say to critics sayin' you can't do it again?
See I ain't gotta say shit to 'em, I'm off to somethin' else
Nigga, check my résumé, bitch, it speak for itself
It's why I always do what I do and I big up my chest
God put His hands on me, you could see that I'm blessed
And I'm grateful
Aight, it's time to go
But I thank y'all for tunin' on in to the 'Live in the Den' show
And if you don't know, now you know
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Holla Busta
That's what's up, man? Holla
You crazy, nigga