
I done been around tha world
And everywhere be tha same song
Niggaz struggle daily gotta survive
It's worldwide, even niggaz in Paris and London be hustlin'
Doin' whatever jus to get tha money
Lookin' at the whole world flooded with thugs but you got to keep it
Real if you want to make it through to live gotta get in it to win it
And that's real really, my thugs feel me put your fists in the air yeah
Niggas comin' to the war and I'mma meet you niggas there
Ready to rumble, I swear, we coming from everywhere
Where my thugs at, where they at?
Fuck that
Nigga let's do in da enemy now, terminate 'em eliminate 'em
Takin' out our frustration on the world get 'em back for the Playa Hation
So come on we gotta roll and wouldn't you know
They ain't ready for the war
Rob tha rich take some
Give tha rest of tha poor
Make them feel the pain, two double O, O
It's the end of the road, so what you gonna do?
I'mma ride, you can die if you want to
But all them real soul jahz come on move!
Get your suits on, boots on its Juvenile
T H U G  that's thug we be
(T H U G)
Across the nation pump your fist and get ready for this occasion
Better get'cha fade on, I wanna see victory
Ya better roll wit this 'cuz we splittin' 'em
Fuck that we winnin' 'em, that's thug mentality
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin' it's the way I choose to live my life
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin' thuggin' thuggin' till the day I day
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin' it's the way I choose to live my life
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin' thuggin' thuggin' till the day I day
Every thug, even wannabe thugs, nigga thug if you got to
Throw it up, keep it in the air
Scream it out, "Thug! Thug! Thug! Thug!"
Thuggin' till the day I die when I'm high
If you look into my eyes, you'll truly find, no kind
Like I'm
Gemini
Gotta control both sides
My Lordy Lord maintain it's hard 'cause I'm a souljah at war
Steady runnin' wit the weapons 'cause it's gettin' better
I figured it out, it's all real, if ain't then, it ain't right
Come on, if you wanna feel the thug, luv and it's real
We got the real thing baby
Got heat to burn ya, learn ya, stay out it if it don't concern ya
You don't really want to get involved wit da murder
But shit if ya want it we got it, we bringing it!
We don't stop, we gon pop shots still to the double glock glock
Never taking no shorts, no losses man
Yes, these days is still the same like, gotta make that money man
Bang gotta get down for my thang and I do it so smooth
When I'm stalkin' gat foolz, walking jack moves
Now all day run witta me shotgun, but I'm blinded so I jog
And roll wit the thuggish ruggish, bone, bone, bone, bone
(Ruggish)
That's thug mentality
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin' it's the way I choose to live my life
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin',  thuggin' till the day I day
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin' it's the way I choose to live my life
T H U G we be
That's thug mentality we're thuggin'
Thuggin', thuggin',  thuggin' till the day I day
Where my Detroit thugs, thugs?
Cincinnati thugs, thugs?
Where my Columbus thugs, thugs?
My Chicago thugs, thugs?
Now where my New York thugs, thugs?
Now where my Texas thugs, thugs?
My Kansas City thugs, thugs?
Where my Milwaukee thugs, thugs?
My Colorado thugs, thugs?
Where my St. Louis thugs, thugs?
Where my Atlanta thugs, thugs?
My Alabama thugs, thugs?
My New Orleans thugs, thugs?
Where my Miami thugs, thugs?
Where my Jamaican thugs, thugs?
My California thugs, thugs?
My Arizona thugs, thugs?
My New Mexico thugs, thugs?
My Puerto Rico thugs, thugs?
Thuggin', thuggin', thuggin', thuggin'
Cleveland, definitely in the house