
[r] you got your hands on moony shit
[g] say "word"
[r] we gonna get high
[g] I don't give a fuck about them enemies
[r] he a bird anyway? he be taking his packages? he a snitch too
[ghostface]
In pam's house there was money missing
She was too dumb, had her nose numb, sniffin blow in the kitchen
Her kids never ate, pcw involved with her
Kids that she never seen shipped through to florida
Maxine dark skinned and bal' headed bitch mean
Pams right here together they're the coldest fiends
Ah! shit! guess who arrived at the door
It's moony the supplier swung open the door
Bitch open the door, maxine he go'n kill me
Chill I got a friend cop, girl you don't know it's beef
Three long kicks the hinges flew off
Kids sreamin' they happy faced slapped blue, maxine head off
It's on in the crib, you wrong for what you did
"you gonna pay pam, fuck that boo kissed your kids
Y'all get the fuck in the room, fuck you, you ain't are real daddy
Next time you see my caddy don't fucking flag me
[r] this is where he fucks up at peep his movement
Maxine's in the kitchen crying grits is falling on the side
She had a cup of lye, somebody gots to die
Uh huh, y'all bitches fucked up, smoked out my packages
You had mackie shit and pappy shit? 
[raekwon]
Word to aunt may I want mine, pulled out the nine
Get in the tub, he seen the hot iron pulled the plug out
He steamed pam brought it back to penny on good times
Back in the dollar bill he sniffed like six lines
He put his gat down, why he do that? 
Creeping through the crib is maxine pot holdin' down with the grits
Pam sucking his dick, maxine al greened him screaming slipped in piss
He ran into ceas' room, grits down cryin' aight with his balls out
He stepped on clarences' biggie smalls album
Mooney get that niggaz, pam yelling rip that niggaz
Mooney went and got that dye out the kitchen
James jumped on moon, poked him with a screw driver
Broke the tv niggaz watching knight rider
This is pam jerkins mother house the same shit go on in her brother house
[ghostface]
You know mooney is only a buck o'five wet
He only had two hundred dollars worth of shit
And the kids tore his ass up, the ceas had a huddle up
I felt sorry for'm, the funny shit when bowlegged keke hopped on 'im
Jumped on him pigeon toed moony poured dye on him
You should've seen his motherfuckin' face fryin', half dyin'
They stuck a fork through his nuts
The little girl was happy she beat the brotha up
Quick pick the window up mooney over heard
Right before they threw him out the nigga said word!? !
On the count of three he landed on the first floor balcony
Blood brains splashed.. he was dead? and the cops never came
That's stapleton
All, all, all in together now
We getting fresh getting right for the weather now
And if we fall in the game, yo that's never now
Come to my projects and we'll air you out