
Yea... Yea 
Yes 
Ima call this here... real rap 
Cause this rap is real... ya know? 
I hope you ain't too tired to cry, 
And I hope you know you ain't never too live to die. 
Listen... 
I grew up where them people called them people on us 
think we slangin, but we just got beepers on us 
Grindin' all day like we got sleepers on ya 
Livin' like the videos write a treatment on us 
Stuck in the hood like they put semen on us 
Ghetto birds still shittin on us, government still quittin' on us 
Lost a few homies and the grief still sittin on us 
So we got the names writtin on us, white folks still spittin' on us 
And them bitch ass police canines, teeth still grittin' on us 
But we smoke, ashes still gettin' on us 
All the bitches still hittin' on us 
I remember well, Bezzy roll the L 
Bezzy aint here... where's Bezzy at?... Bezzy got killed 
And that was my nigga, I go way back wit my nigga 
But I know thats how it happened my nigga, 
Shit is much deeper than this rappin my nigga 
But now they all rappin, my niggas, so now I must make it happen 
So I'ma play the captain, sail boat flappin my nigga, 
No fingas I'm snappin', happy for my nigga Lil' Tiggas 
Cause even though we couldn't, The Lord saved him 
Last time we seen him was when Katrina hated 
Found his body like a month later, Rest in Peace boy 
He was a East boy, and so was Wesy West he was a good nigga, so I know he blessed 
And his daughter is a princess, this shit is harder than a bench press 
But I'ma keep goin, and I swear I got a lump in my throat 
But I'ma keep on pumpin a float, 
So if I cry dont stop the beat, I feel like my heart just stopped the beat 
My nigga Lil' Derrick is quick to cop a key, either that or load the gat and go pop a G 
And because of that he's just a name in a rhyme of mine 
I pray for his family and his mama 
So much shit, just sit on this mind of mine 
I think about it all the time 
I drink about it all the time 
I smoke back to back 
Cause if my thoughts got to me I'd be in this rap 
Or I'd be in the can, thank God I had dreams of being the man 
Yea 
And fuck a man with a badge, cause he ain't shit to a man on the edge 
The five o killed naughty good boy dead 
Man you woulda thought they killed corn bread 
Shot 'em up face down on the lawn 
Not to mention with his handcuffs on 
Not to mention they had plain clothes on 
And the complain goes on 
But dont nobody do nothin' bout it 
The jail house and the mourge is too fuckin' crowded 
And haters at an all time high 
Everybody gotta hate us like a fuckin iPod 
Shit and they tried to burn my phantom up, but i got my gun license 
I got my hammers up, im ready to shoot like a camera 
Stay still mothafucka I'ma have to write my will this summer 
Cause if they don't kill me, I'ma kill this summer 
Yea 
And you can put that on my late father or my late grandmother 
Ms. Mercedes Carter 
Or my grandfather Larry Bosock 
The old man hustle 'till his heart stopped 
And all I no 'bout my real pops is that he had money 
No bank account, that brown paper bag money 
Yea he might hit me off wit a little brag money 
But the nigga still wouldn't be a dad for me 
But look how I turned out I hope he glad for me 
But thats why when I see him I act mad funny 
Cause he's a joke to me 
Don't message, don't call, don't talk to me 
It's just me and my mama how it's suppose to be 
And I make sure she paid like she rode for me 
And I know she gets all hope for me 
And I don't ever want to see her mope for me 
Hopefully, but truthfully there is a day that's due for me 
But we gone pray it's as far as the future sees 
You are listenin' to the future Wee-zy F. Baby 
Amen.