
Inside the minds of real G's
Death row is looked upon as the studio gansters of the 90's
A joke hahaha, in a game called 5 minutes of fame you wasted
4 mimutes now you got seconds left kick it
Come one come all and let me ride nigga
Eazy-e CPT how the hell you figure
To be the best on the west, hu ya
Fool loked down this is east side nigga
South Comton and I put it on the map
So when a dog pound crip you wanna scrap
And that comin' straight from the ruthless ganster Eazy-e
Now what would I do? Haha let's see
Now I would take on sugas locked down the row
Since Dre is a bitch, pimp slap the hoe
Now I'm seeing doubles man two dogs in a huddle
Aa goddamn now diggidi daze I biggidi blast
On right one and smoke that azz
Now kurupt dont even set trip
Yellin' long beach 60 blood and puppy pound
Crip really doe got my nuts on your chin
Whill I'm all in your philly hoe
So come with it fool and test your luck
And I'll beat that azz now call me Kurupt
Now I'm kreepin' threw the fog ya
Big dogg blue got my nine milla killa
Hunting a dogg named Snoop
You can run nigga but you can't hide
Eazy-e straight creepin' on the East Side 7
Tenlong beach south caught Snoop free basin
In a rock house I kicks in da door
I said it befoe I never let no busta test me no more
Bang murder was the case that tey gave me
Murder waz the case that they gave me
I'll smoke all you fools even you boo boo and your baby
Murder was the case that they gave me watch out buddie boy
Watch your back, yea, wut would you do?
Wut would you do if we rolled on you?
(So don't even think about steppin' in the goddamn house)
Wut would you do? Wut would you do if we rolled on you?
Wut would you do? Wut would you do if we rolled on you?
Wut would you do? Wut would you do Dirty Red?
I comes on the snake hittin' niggas low
With the cavey ass flow as I kreep through the street
Peeping niggas from death row bet you wanna know
Which one make the best hoe
So let me break it down as I'm lost in the mist
And take word of advice and don't come fucking with this
Ain't a joke niggas, choke from the smoke that I blaze
Purple Haze you be dazed in a stun
I'll put you on your back nigga, what?
I am the guess in a Doggy Dogg world
Never run with muss only nuts in their click
And dick in your mouth
The year is 95 and I'm runnin' the house
Now tell what can you do? Nigga what can you do
If me and a few of my homies came through?
Dumpin' real on you trickmade bitchmade niggas
What could you do? What could you do if we rolled on you?
Yaa, so don't even think about stepin' in the goddamn house
Dr. Dre straight busta neva broke a law in his life
Besides beating up Ricky Harris's wife
Haha, Snoop Dogg from a high top fade to sportin' braids
Now he's laid fame no fourtune and getting played not payed, played
Treated like a prostitute and we all know who's doin' the pimpin'
Daz don't be a followa be a leader and stay off the nexts mans nuts
Kurupt the king ping stick with the 60's
'Cause you don't need those other hoes
'Cause they're about to go up in ya but only you let um, hahaha
Death row really doe, baby bang, ahh