
T M, who me? My name is L
First of all you a banger, straight up and down
I'm seeing minks on your hangers
I know your mama told you don't talk to strangers
That leads to dangerous situations but I can't be patient
You need communication, appreciation
Respecting your style instead of talking all wild
One smile you daydreaming of walking the aisle
In the water bed rolling around in the money pile
Baby, my format is not to be a doormat
But I still pull your chair out at the table and all that
Touch your back softly whatever it cost me
Time, money, and energy, you will remember me
Gotta change my answering machine, now that I'm alone
'Cuz right now it says that we, can't come to the phone
And I know it makes no sense, 'cuz you walked out the door
But it's the only way I hear your voice anymore
(It's ridiculous)
It's been months
And for some reason I just
(Can't get over us)
And I'm stronger than this
(Enough is enough)
No more walkin 'round
With my head down
I'm so over being blue
Cryin' over you
And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears
So done with wishing you were still here
Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow
So why can't I turn off the radio?
Gotta fix that calendar I have
That's marked July 15th
Because since there's no more you
There's no more anniversary
I'm so fed up with my thoughts of you
And your memory
And how every song reminds me
Of what used to be
That's the reason I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears
So done with wishing you were still here
Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow
So why can't I turn off the radio? Oh
(Leave me alone)
Leave me alone
(Stupid love songs)
Don't make me think about her smile
Or having my first child
I'm letting go, turning off the radio
I'ma keep you equipped in all of the best whips
Pay attention to detail even your lipstick
Give compliments when your pedicures switch
When we're on the mattress you won't care if I'm rich
I'll love you deeply, whisper sweetly
Even when you critique me you could still reach me
Beats me why you sweeter than a peach be
One bite and love sugar for the whole night
You'll be aight, you rolling with the Elvis of rap
Come on move your pelvis and throw it back
I know it's forward and it sounds a little blunt
But love, money, respect, whatever, pick what you want
That's the reason I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears
So done with wishing she was still here
Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow
So why can't I turn off the radio?
(Why can't I turn off the radio?)
Said I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears
So done with wishing she was still here
Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow
Why can't I turn off the radio?
(Why can't I turn off the radio?)
And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears
So done with wishing you were still here
Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow
Why can't I turn off the radio?
(Why can't I turn off the radio?)
Why can't I turn off the radio?