
J to the A to the N to the E, yo P
J to the A to the N to the E, yo P
J to the A to the N to the E, yo P
J to the A to the N to the E, yo P
One hot summer day back around the way
A new kid moved onto the block and his name was Jay
Jay was cool, he trucked jewels, packed a nine mill
Yeah, and kept his smitty's on his tool
Anyway Jay portrayed to be like hard
So we took him in and put him down with the hit squad
His house was phat, full court in the back
Jacuzzi in his bedroom, a "Welcome" on the doormat
Plus AZT, full house alarm system
One rottweiler, one pitbull, no one could vic him
Something strange about the crib, I had to think
Why the whole goddamn house was dressed in hot pink
Yo Jay, where's your bathroom? Bust a move, I gotta piss
Three doors on the left, homeboy, ya can't miss
My head was busted, disgusted, I said, "What's goin' on?
I seen a douche bag and safety Maxi-pad tampons"
Left the bathroom, went back where I was
Tapped Jay on the shoulder and said, "Eiyyyooo 'cuz"
"I thought you lived alone"
"I do"
"Are you certain?"
There's bras and leotards, hangin' on the curtain
Yo Jay, what's your problem, homeboy, you look stunned
What  you doin'? Put down that knife, where's my gun?"
Shit's thick, I reached for my tool, I wasn't strapped
Left the nine in the car, right next to the Jim Hat
It's my ass, I better think fast real quick
I got a flashback from a Bruce Lee flick
Got in my stance, don't lie
Kay, I broke for the door
Tripped on some bullshit in the living room floor
Jay, rushed me, I grabbed him, scooped him up in the yoke
Ahh shit, kicked him in the nuts, that's all she wrote
It was like rapunzel
Rapunzel? Down came his hair
Titties popped out and there was ass everywhere
Jay a transvestite? Not quite he was more like
J to the A to the N to the E, yo P
Don't tell me, you went out like a sucker
Chill, took off that mustache
Grabbed that ass and I fucked her
Peace, I'm Audi 5000, Audi 5000, ahh shit
All of that real shit, you know what I'm saying?
Jane? Haircut, haircut like Anita Baker?
The whole shit, yo, the whole shit, you know what I'm saying?
Nah you can't man, I ran right up in her like Bruce Jenner
But better, right in there, man, I didn't even care
Are you crazy? Well, I was holdin' me
Don't tell me it was Jane you were juicin'
Sheiit, kick it-e