
[Method Man]
Ooh yea I'm on my way to get some hay
I'd Rather not say right now, but anyway
I'm Fuckin wit this gangsta bitch around
the way. Who was ?? and the games
people play. A Hoe is a M-O could keep
shit down low. I'm wit dat ya know my 
style so what da flow? Its been 3 weeks
now my girl still don't know but what
she don't know can't hurt her or make 
a murder. The next peace..? She don't
want to have peace, she just wants
to have fun so I hook her and I treat her
like one. Bust it! Look in tha local 
project, when I buzz her; on the 5th
rather brother make a dozen? Floor she
had a child but because I'm half poor kids
buy dread the next door. He don't know
the meaning of child care, 'cause she's on
welfare looking at..? So raps the same
yearSo I took advantage of dat before it
was..? and pull'd a stack, and now what
I'm stickin it up without a doubt, and then
should I go upstrairs? Fuck dat rap too
many hoes up in dat place. I just can't
wait to find out til (??) All around town
the Meth is gettin down. With ? and..?
BITCH! don't rock the buck? I'm not a
buck smakin bitch's teeth down their
throats. So I avoid all of dat, and call
her back I was drinking all night, Kid
I need it bad, wassup ho? how you? 
Loungin Through..I aint got nuthin to
do so wassup wit you? Treat her like
a rough situation, You know whats on
my mind you wit it? Now she's all(?)
and need some water, Before she had
to ask her 'cause to watch her daughter
Yea, come down down strairs were
goin where? Straight to da vid..(??)
Sum-it up check my dough for body (??)
She comes back out of her house we in
da cab. Not much longer to want,(??)
Step right in and got a (??) Then I seen
her wit a man down the curl, [Pause]
Ooh Shit! Dats my girl! Whats goin on 
kid? Hear all my words motherfucka..
Fuck dat Bitch! I'm gonna fuck her!
[Meth talking] (Da fuck you doin with dat nigga?)
[Method Man]
A Bitch is a Bitch..and is always
a bitch. Cracked and shit like a witch
[Closing] Out from the slums..there she comes