
It's all about, yo
Lady Saw and Missy, can you feel me?
An' the next thing is about, yo
The big bashing party
  (Can you feel me, what?)
I'm feelin' you Timbaland
I'm feelin' you, yo
Yo, can you feel me, what?
And we wind up when we a listen dis now, check, aiye
There's a party
I'm up in the club and I'm drinking, I'm drunk off the Alize
As I hear the record spins it seems to take over me
So I move side to side an it's something inside that controls me
As I walk to the D.J and I say
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you and me, you see
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you
You say your a baller
'Cause you up in the club, fakin' like you got dough, with your dollars
To my peoples spending money, let me hear you holler
We're gonna party like no other party, don't stop 'til the morning
But before I go, this is what I say
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you and me, you see
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you
M I S S Y, Y S S I M
M I S S Y, M I S S Y, Y S S I M
Mr. D.J., play that one more time
So me and Missy Elliot can move we waistline
Yo, tell the guys don't come waste we time
'Cause we under the ganja plus the red wine yo
There a party over here and say it's phat you know
Let go me hand, so me can look for man ya now
You see me face and me know that me red ya know
Buy all the bar 'cause me friend them rich ya know
Know, know, uh, what me say yo, yo
We'll be dancing until tomorrow
No other party is slammin', you wan go
Sweating and wetting like me in a me sauno
Fit like me, just done a dance with me tae-bo
Bo, bo, uh, what me say, me say yo
Tell the  D.J. fe play an' no better stop
Spin it again, rewind from the top
Misdemeanor the Saw plus the Elliott
When we drop ya done, know that's uh road
Block, block, block, ya can't flop
Road block, block, a road block
Ya don't know, it's all about Missy Elliot
Ya wan star, ever thing is ever thing, S-E-E-N?
It's a party and ya da'no it's all about weight