
{Thursday, June 28th, 2.02, AM
"I just called you and you said Domino's Pizza but
And you said you were on your way but there's just one problem
I'm all the way to fuckin' Rochester, New York, Wrong ho!"}
Uhh, yo yo
Yo, not this shit again
Dog gon' be a dog, y'know what I mean? Motherfuckin' dog!
Don't get a dog, you can't take care of a dog
Gotta take care of the dog, y'know? Y'know?
Take it easy lady, y'know? Uh huh
Give me a motherfuckin' break, will ya?
Shorty was the bomb, brown skin honey with a little doe
Come to find out she was a little hoe, but still yo
I pushed up, shorty had that ass like blaw
Had me schemin' on how, I could get that now
Was like girlfriend let me drop a bug in yo' ear
She was mine 'cause I told her what she wanted to hear
Was like yeah, she knew how it was goin' down
She said page me, code zero, 'cause I know you get around
Didn't have a man but even if she did dead
'Cause my game is tight like a stocking cap on a nigga's head
I said," We'll get up like nine or somethin'"
Don't act like, when I say that ass is mine I'm frontin'
That night was right, she let me get that, hit that
Rip that, bounce it off the walls, flip that
But only, one thing went wrong, the rubber bust
But I didn't fuss 'cause dog, shorty was the bomb!
Shorty, uh!
We only did it for that night
But man the pussy was good
But shorty's fuckin' up my life, fuckin' up my life
Shorty, uh!
We only did it for that night
(Just one motherfuckin' night man!)
But man the pussy was good
(Was gooder than a motherfucker, I ain't gon' front)
But shorty's fuckin' up my life
C'mon ma, give me a break
A few days later, I hit her up, just to keep it real
Was like." Whassup Boo, how you been, how you feel?"
She said,"Alright, but my friend's kinda late
Today's the 13th, and it shoulda been here on the 8th"
I'm like, for real! Don't stress it, it'll come
It better, 'cause I can't afford another, little one
She said,"Neither can I", I said,"Cool"
'Cause I got mad shit to do and you still goin' to school
So at least we had the same thing in mind
Not to have this kid and, everything would be fine, but I was blind
To the fact that she was settin' me up, for the kill
Damn, why wasn't she, on the pill?
And I still, would check on her like, once a week
Sometimes I hit it, sometimes I didn't, but shorty was a freak
And whenever I would speak on the baby
Shorty would be like,"I ain't havin' this kid, is you crazy?"
But Shorty, uh!
We only did it for that night
(Man listen man, one motherfuckin' night)
But man the pussy was good
(I ain't gon' front, pussy was good as a motherfucker)
But shorty's fuckin' up my life
(Oh man this bitch is a fuckin' headache!)
Fuckin' up my life
Shorty, uh!
(Shorty was definitely a bomb dog)
We only did it for that night
(One motherfuckin' night and I was drunk)
But man the pussy was good
(The pussy, man! Let me tell you)
But shorty's fuckin' up my life
(Dog, this bitch is a problem)
C'mon ma, give me a break
By now, wasn't lookin' too good
'Cause she wasn't doin' things that she told me she would
Like gettin' the price checked out for what we had to do
And it goes up another yard for every month after two
And a half I had to laugh out of frustration
Now she's fo' months, I'm ready to hit the bus station
If I was, still on that shit it woulda made me rob her
Told her friends, DMX? Yeah that's my baby's father
Her lil' stomach is shown so now the heat is on
Maybe she'll see the light, if I start to treat her wrong
Like if she thought that if she kept the baby she would keep me
So I played the game on her level, got sneaky
Let her have the kid, she said it was premature
Found out, she was six months, when she said she was four
So I left her with the pressure on the next man's arm
But she'll be aight, 'cause shorty was the bomb
But Shorty, uh!
(Was the bomb)
We only did it for that night
(I mean what, one fuckin' night? C'mon ma)
But man the pussy was good
(Man she sucked a mean dick)
But shorty's fuckin up my life
(Now this bitch won't stop callin', what the fuck man?)
Fuckin up my life
Shorty, uh!
(She was kinda cute though)
We only did it for that night
(All it takes is one night man, haha)
But man the pussy was good
But shorty's fuckin up my life
(This bitch, has got to go)
C'mon ma, give me a break