
(background)  Oh I.
Intro:  I feel like Rocky, right before he fucked the Russian, in like the 8th or 9th, 7th or 8th 9th round or something.  That's me.
Verse:
Woke up this morning, with a naked women, like I was making a porno, but I, but I I.
I can't remember how she made it to my bed
I gotta figure it out before she wake up in my head.
Get my shit I gotta get her I gotta get her outta here
I swear the game play was smart, suppose to be in and out of here
but it didnt go that way so I called up Spitter, 
cause he liked her anyway when he saw me with her.
Thats how we do, how we did it how we get her, young money in this bitch, fuck them hoes, fuck them  niggas. yeah
and I know that they cant fuck with me, because of the, way I am so comfortly, running the, fucking G.
Youngin hold down the place, running round the city buying everything you niggas make, 
niggas cant fuck the way I rock
Thousand dollars on the sock
Hot boy get up bitches
Outlawed....
So motherfucking fly, that is so motherfucking lie
I know Jesus is watching this session looking at me like
Thank you Lord, you know I try so hard
so if they try me Ima spank em for it
Now Im all up in her mouth like a cancar sore
I two dollar drink a whore,You mink the whore
you like to link the whore, I think of her, as a whore
Like what the fuck you thinking for?
What  is wrong with that mind of yours?
She's a dinosaur, 
she's a Teranosaurous Rex for sex and
Fly as a Terracdactal, I very spectacular
every move is emaculate though magnificent
Living it up and giving my ten percent to the man up above
Thats probably why I am significant
aint gotta tell you about how I finish it
you can look in my face and experience it you bitches.
Never been with that bullshit so dont you bring it around me
Im from tear it up avenue right off of get down street you know me I say
Never hesitate, always had a pistol, never been afraid to show
Let it whistle like du du du dudu, du du du 
Still creepin on my side, will kill you if you try
give my money to my momma she will give it somebody
thats my little biddys brother, hes a bad motherfucker
Im smart hes tougher who will survive?
Chorus
I want to fly like a boy in the sky
I can buy anytihng that money can buy
oh I
I can turn a knickle or you and homies retired
I can do just anything whatever my soul desires