
"i love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> krs-one
(repeat 2x, then 2x with 'common' at the end of each line)
Check it out
Good morning... be at calm, I'm back
Huh! it's me again
Is it me you're looking for? (yup)
For the perfect beat, sweetly oblique
I'm fresh, I come clean, but I can't whistle
*attempt at whistling* psss, I'm only buggin
While no dug in the crates, I dug in my nose
And picked a rhyme any rhyme I don't have any time
To waste, I'm hip... don't even trip
To an easy travel agent now we fly for free
I can be fly for free, you want some flyer to read
Then buy from me
I got the flame like u-i-c but I be, u-a-c
Some of the realest illest chillest cats you may see
In your life if you get one
Rappers are like jobs to me (why? ) because they get done
Here it comes I'm as able as cain to get raw
That's why the dj's mix me, I'm gonna bust dickses
Not da bomb so save all your threats
I'm good to go and also I'm rets
Rhymes I wrecks affects the roughnecks
Down to the preps in the polos, the studs with pros
Hoes who wheeze, the bald-headed to the dreaded
To folks with butters, high rollers and rollers
Players with plat studs with stocking caps I be rocking raps
Til I collapse
Niggaz play my tape about as much as they do craps
I'm on point, I celo, I see high
Hi c, I'm free at last
I'ma free man, free as the world be
And like an early bird, I'm special
But you ain't that special, as that investor
So to myself I say congratulations
I'm glad you had the patience, you better have the patience
Cause thisisme
"i love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> krs-one
Common!
(repeat 3x)
Whassup scony rony I'm that boney homey
From stoney (common) you know me!
Off the gp niggaz see me on the tv
Talkin take it ez, and they was like "he ain't hardcore!"
But hardcore is far more than bats and gats
It stems back to the roots of being true
It's gonna get me me, you just get you you
What I look like, talkin about some shit I ain't do? 
I ain't shoot nobody I ain't shank nobody
I ain't kill nobody, it wasn't us it was them!
The warriors, I'm a warrior and still don't have to show no gun
It takes one to know one, and no one can tell me
How to be, cause i'ma be me, aight? 
Cause I'm a man, now check it
"i love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> krs-one
Common!
(repeat 3x)
*singing* sometimes, sometimes, I get a good feeling!
When I'm chillin at the flat, lookin at the wall
Wondering can I come off of it, I'm off a bit
On the mic I be talkin shit
But some say my talk don't make no sense
I'm tryin to make the dollars, my momma told me
To go to school and be a scholar, but school ain't for me
So don't even go there, I'm comin out of nowhere, to go where
Probably in about seven years, I won't have no hair
But not only am I the hair club president, I'm also a client
I come off like a toupee, I still have to pay 2pc dark
A raider that never lost the ark/arc, on the shot
But now when I shoot rock, I be all out of breath
My boy adefo wanted to be a chef
But he went down south, and fell in love call me love
Cause love is gonna getcha i'ma getcha
I'm like b.j. my arm is strong and I stretch ya
Styles from east to west, all across the country
I'm like that big fat one niggaz catch when bumpin
I probably would get bumped more if I was a gangster
But I am a gangsta, call me the gangsta of love!!!
I love good music, I love my momma
I love myself, I love you, and you love me
And thisis -- I'm out
(krs sample plays in background)
Yo I wanna say peace to my moms, my grandmomma
Lil chandra, and john, yo rest in peace to my aunt stella
My sides moms, ron's moms, dawn's moms, corey's moms
Who are you? these people be themselves y'all, peace em out
Common! (4x)
(krs sample is cut and scratched to end)