
[Bone Crusher talking] 
Yea! This nigga think we hoez or somethin' my nigga... 
Sheeeit, man what the... lemme talk to the mo'fucca 
How hard we really mo'fuccin is in this biaaaatch... nah'm sayin? 
Fuck nigga... sheit man, ole punk ass kids, we out the club nigga... 
That don't mean nuthin nigga! I'm gon fuck this nigga up, my nigga! 
Sheeeeit, lemme show this mo'fucca how hard this shit really is!!! 
(Chorus)
So i'm outside the club and you think im a puuuuunk so i go to my loaded tech 9 des open the truckkkkkkk i told tha muthafukka I ain't never scared (eastside!) 
I ain't never scared (westside!) 
I ain't never scared (southside!) 
I ain't never scared (northside!) 
I ain't never scared (southside!) 
I ain't never scared (eastside!) 
I ain't never scared (westside!) 
Verse 1 Bonecrusher
Let a choppa go PLOOOOOOWWW! to yo melon 
Now the plasma is oozin outta yo cerebellum 
AttenSHUNNNNN! Fuck nigga, now you swellin 
You ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch! 
Got'em runnin scared of a... BIGGA NIGGA! 
'cause I put the heat to his ummm... HILFIGER! 
Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank 
Pistols gettin thirsty  now I need somethin to drank 
(Chorus)
Verse 2 Killer Mike 
I got a hot 4 fever, call it bitch Benita 
Knock the apple off any bum or the hollow heat seaker 
Ran 'cross bitch niggaz, fuck the pint, she take blood by the liter 
I'll never leave her, my viscous vixen 
On liquor, send dat ass to God quicker 
No matter yo religion, you Muslim, Hebrew or Christian 
She indiscriminate with punishment, she send'em missin 
My gun's my favorite bitchin and 
And she got permanent PMS so she stay bitchin
(Chorus)
Verse 3 T.I. Wit Added Libs
Noooooo, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit 
And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play wit 
If you'on like me when you see me, betta not say shit 
I'll choke yo ass out like Dre did that bitch 
You betta tell these pussies they ain't fuckin wit no rookie 
I'm a Bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookiez! 
So don't make it a me or you situation 
I'll have yo partner down and I'll see you visitation 
Like, hope for the best, but I'on think he gon make it 
Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement 
I'll tell you wha, if you make it, call'em grace 'cause he amazin 
Find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazin and 
Just when you thought that I was done I was savin the 
Best for last, nigga kiss my ass 
Like ??? they my folkz, itz best you just let'em be 
'cause I do the shit pretend and them FED's just ain't never see nigga! 