
[ performed by mc lyte and milk dee ( ) ]
A friend of mine (which one? ) cecilia
(yeah? ) has a man (so? ) a dealer
(which one? ) born - born supreme
You know the type (yeah, I know what you mean)
Gold and cars (cars and gold
The more he got, yo, the more he sold
He told her he loved her (huh, gased her head)
Her love he bought just to warm his bed
I tried to tell her, but it went out the other ear
She didn't wanna hear, what I had to say
She just replied this way
(girl, I love him, he treats me so good
He gets much respect in my neighborhood)
I cram to understand why she wants this man
(yo, he sold the crack to sam...)
[ chorus ]
(I used to be in love...)
But not with a dealer
(I used to be in love...)
I know how it feels
(I used to be in love...)
You make love while he makes deals
The story gets worse, they threaten her life
A guy walked on her (yo, come here) with a knife
And said (being with born is a big mistake
It's a shame your life I have to take
If you leave him now, you'll be alright
If not, you won't make it through the night)
She came to me and said (lyte, what do I do? )
Forget about born, or else you're through (ahh...)
She said (but, but I love him!) hm, I wonder
Is love worth bein six feet under? 
Nope (and that's on the real tip)
I think it's time you skip
Town (hey girl, don't hang around
Or else you'll be goin -)
[ chorus ]
Miss c said (no, I'm stayin with my man
He stands by me, so I too must stand)
Girl, you're stupid, you're gonna take a fall
( *phone rings* ) and then she received a call
(hello? listen, baby, they got a contract on me
I know because brian warned me
I'm outta here, goin back to cali
Grab your stuff and meet me in the alley)
She grabbed her stuff, the gold and the cash
Headed for the door in a flash
She said (I'm outta here) now wait just a minute
You know he's a dealer, his windows are tinted
(naw) he has truck jewelry, and no job
(so? ) carries ducats in ? ? ? (so what? )
Now hell the hell does he get these things? 
(I don't know!) the gucci, the louis, the polo rings
(yeah? ) dealers are bad news, take it from lyte
They say they kill you, and they might
(you're right, lyte, you tell no lie
Just let me go say good-bye)
She ran down the stairs in a minute or more
I heard a thunderous roar
( *shots* ) born and cecilia - killed by uzis
See why it pays to be choosy? 
[ chorus ]