
[word up]
Jungle brother, jb for short.
A bite a bit my rhyme and we almost fort.
But since he was a brother I thought that'd be wrong.
So I let him go, I let him run along. [run along]
I write rhymes like I come from new york city.
My dj spin the music down to the nitty gritty.
When the downstairs funky five days a week.
Searching and seeking for the baby bam beat.
The afrikan rap that comes from within us.
Brothers heard about it now they wish they could've been us.
We did an album with no problem.
No we working on another with another jungle brother.
[me] q-tip, his name, he's into business, not into games
So q-tip when the light turns green,
Grab your bone and show them what I mean.
My bone is grabbed, this is what I mean.
I brag a grab, and here's the scene.
Q-tip, [q-tip] from a tribe called quest,
Saw the jungle brother's album, oh yes.
So get the ducats it's coming out soon.
A month after march, two before june,
It's nice. with ali shaheed mohammed, my dj who
Is real dominant. [mohammed, mohammed]
He and I form the funky tribe.
If you want to get with it, just feel the vibe. [feel the vibe]
Me and ali are extremely radiant.
And to be heard like the horn of gideon.
Get it? if not you're a goner.
Get wise or get something, cause your going to want to.
Lamp, after you hear from me.
The tip from quest my dj's ali.
Say it from the catskills, to the soho.
Listen to the words they say on the promo.
To the bewildered,
Let it be said.
I'll mix you up more like dj red
So mike g, when the light turns red,
Don't stop, proceed ahead.
Go on with your,
Go on with your,
Go on with your,
Bad self.
Well, I'm going [where? ] straight to the treetop.
Eating crazy fruit, so I can't stop.
Squating here, listen to the lp.
Straight out the jungle from the jbs.
Baby bam beat keeps the bass bottom bouncing.
Suckers littering, girls ouncing,
Women inching, girls pinching.
Run to the record store to see if (? ? ? ) is in.
Remixes, outfixes, we write it, you like it.
Rap music, house music.
No matter what it is, the jbs can do it.
Oh ya, (etc.)
It's coming (x4)
How much is it? 5.99?  ahh just bring a 20, bring a twenty.
At the sound of the ring the promo will end, peace.