
Dat's why dey keep saying yeah, I don't even know
I got court tomorrow, I won't even go
I don't even show, I got shit to do
Only God can judge me, who the fuck is you?
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
2 days trey day so I guess ya tryna 3 dat
Never ever ever serve a nigga where ya sleep at
Police be at ya door nigga you ain't tryna see dat
See my suicide watch stay on suicide watch
Kill yourself, yeah dem suicide rocks
Had the nerve to write me a Dear Young letter
Killin' 'em young, you shoulda known better
I pay too much, you niggas play to much
Let the swag do the talking, I don't say too much
You niggas sayin' too much
Mr 17.5 you niggas paying to much
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Reportin' live from the trap
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
They say who dat? Nigga we dat
Young live on da track
I don't chase no broads, I chase money and vodka
Next time I re up, I'ma buy me a chopper
And I ain't talking da AK, I'm talking shit wit propellers
Fly to the club make my old bitch jealous
Thug motivation, it's a straight celebration
I seen Jizzle in his chopper outside central station
This ain't a mixtape, but the tapes mixed
Black tape, grey tape all on one brick
Get it on the flo, get get it on the flo
Last night I swear to God half a million on the flo
Fell asleep on the money like a pillow on the flo
Woke up countin' money had to get it off the flo
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Reportin' live from the trap
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
They say who dat? Nigga we dat
Young live on da track
What you know about 20 grand? Stuffed in a white sock
Pull off in a white drop like I play for them White Sox
Play wit them white rocks, play wit them white squares
You call it what you want, who the fuck cares?
I don't never sleep, why? Too paranoid
State of paranoia, all I do's call my lawyer
Tell him I know a nigga that might have a little trouble
Ok, you know it's me if you beat it I'll pay ya double
Y'all niggas know it,s me, if I want 2 I'll make it double
Just know it's water whipped so you might have a little trouble
Might move a little slower, might get a few complaints
Say he ran out of gas, he might need a half a tank
Thank God it's Friday, fresh off the highway
Say he 2 minutes out, he 'bout to pull in the driveway
In the driveway, take the work out
Cut the duck tape, take the work out
Young!
I keep tryin' to tell y'all man
Y'all need to find y'all own style homie!
We do this, we been doin' it for years
Who dat? We dat
Ha hah