
Where's my coffee?
Good morning, Dr. Carter
Hey sweetie, looks like it's going to be a long day
Ah, another one uh, what we got?
Your first patient, yeah, is suffering from a lack of concept
Uh huh, originality, ugh, his flow is weak
Another one and he has no style, ugh
What'cha got for 'um?
Okay, let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on
Dr. Carter, to the rescue, excuse me if I'm late
But like a thief it takes time to be this great
Ha, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place
And I'm just grace, one, uno, ace
And I'm tryin' to make your heart beat like bass
But you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix whatever you shall break
Where is your originality, you are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like hey, brighter then the sun ray
Got a pistol on the playground, watch the gunplay
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday, gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like André 3K, gotta kick it, kick it like the sensei
You gotta have faith, you gotta, gotta wait, wait
I think I, think I lost him
Dial 118 please
Good afternoon Dr. Carter, nurse
I don't know about this one, his confidence is down
Vocab and metaphors needs work and he got no respect for the game
Ah, let me see, you think you can save him?
Okay, respect is in the heart, so that's where I'ma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
Now hey kid plural, I graduated
'Cause you could get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling or re-reciting something
'Cause you just like it, so you say it just like it
Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening
Besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'ma doctor they don't understand my writing
So I stop writing, now I'm like lighting
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting and my passion is frightening
Now, let me put some more vocab in your I.V.
Here, take this Vicodin, like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind, I don't walk like I talk it 'cause I'm running
I don't do it 'cause I done it and I'm in the emergency on it
Goddammit, I've lost another one
Good evening Dr. Carter, it's been a long day
But this one looks much better then the others
His respect is back up, concepts sound good
His style is showing strong signs of improvement
All he needs now is some swagger
Okay, let me take my gloves off then
Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly go hard like geese, erection
Fashion patrol, police protection
I stay tight like Chinese connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby, don't get me wrong, I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to write, too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
I had to say it twice, swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow 'cause I mean every letter
In the words in the sentence of my quotes
Swap it just flow sweeter then honey oats
That swagger I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow, his blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow
This one starting to show strong signs of life
Where's the stitches? Here's the knife
I smack his face, his eyes open, I reply with a night
Welcome back hip hop, I saved your life
He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one
Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one
We saved him, he's good, he's good
We got one, he's good
He's good, we got him, we saved him, he's a go, he's good