
*Yawns*
Yeah, look
If I were to rap about the crap that's out 
That's the route you probably want me to take
'Cause you're just dying to know what I think 
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall
You'd probably crap in your pants 'cause I'm white and he's white
So he's like, my competition I mean, right?
Nope, Paul Wall is dope and so is Bubba 
So, bluhhh, pfft
B-b-b-but....
I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard do the rope a dope Ali shuffle
And dance around my opponents do donuts
Sometimes I play possum like I'm asleep it's awesome!
I'm like a sleeping giant and when I awake I'm like Dre 
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em fulla poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em
And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em
And smack 'em with the backward E the Eminem em-belem
I always thought if you're gonna murder somebody you should face 'em
Tell 'em why look 'em dead in the eye then waste 'em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell 
And swallow the shallow the hollow who dwell 
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls 
For this rap game and it ga ga goes.
123 check, check 123, check 123
That ain't the hook now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say 
My public adores me!
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror
The mirror glows lips and it whispers come nearer
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body
I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body
Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, 
Come here, talk to me sit here, pull up a chair, 
Why don't you cut your hair? 
Hahaha
Dye it back, come on try it
Ah no, I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you?
But I'm here to re-build you 
But I already killed you!
But Shady, we were meant for each other
Think about your mother
Yeah, so what of her?
Well, think about what she did to you and your little brother!
All them foster homes!
Fuck you, motherfucker! 
I had you beat! 
No, I was playin' possum 
'Member, I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your soul's mine 
I'm taking it back!
You fucking bitch! Why?
Because I love you, look a little closer... 
Isn't that us on that poster? 
Hahaha
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body
I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body
Shady, listen (SHADY) you hear that? 
They're screaming for you, 
I can bring you career back!
But I don't want it back
Yes you do!
No I don't! 
Yes you do! You're gonna regret it later 
No I wont!
I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor
Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday 
Well I got him on the phone right now 
Slim?
You're lying 
Yo, Slim? 
How? Why now? 
What up Dre? 
Check this out, Slim, I gotta talk to you
I dunno 
It just seems like ever since you got off your drugs 
You became a lot softer!
But Dre, all Shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka!
Well, just think about it, Slim, I'm here!
Just hit me back and let me know what's up
Fuck this mirror! Ah!
I'm not in the mirror 
I'm inside you, let me guide you!
Fuck you! Die you son of a bitch!
Put the gun down! 
Bye bye!
(gunshot)
Okay, I'm still alive! 
So am I too! 
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried too, haha
You sold your soul to me, need I remind you?
You remember that night you prayed to God
You'd give anything to get a record deal 
Well, Dre signed you!
This is what you wanted your whole life, Marshall, right whoo?
Look at this house! 
Look at these cars! 
Oh so nice, whoo!
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too?
That you're just now seeing the down side to!
Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too!
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall? 
WHAT!
No one's gonna love you like I do!
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body
And I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart, and your body.
I said, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I can not have you, no one can you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heat, and your body.