
What the fuck, what what what?
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new
What? Nuttin' new check
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
I represent the legendary fifth dynasty crew
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin', check shit out
It's nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new
Ghetto related with this hit the whole world awaited
Y'all dorito-head cats that yak and stagnated
Black thought, the Doug E. most war vete-ran
Crown ruler, soul controller of this lyrical land
Spliff wizard kid, who is it?
Fifth dinosaur ghetto, beat detonator
Apex my level, next, my complex pattern of speech is like sex
I mastered the art of makin' you snap the necks
And chase Manhattan endorse my mic checks
Upset, poet threat
Just collectin' my debt, yo I'm overpaid in dues
Blood tears and sweat, when you fuckin' with the roots
That's as good as it get, ultra magnet
We pull you in a drag-net then brainwash your click
And extort your assets, then roadie all your homies
On some old school shit, roots crew represent
Life's a gamble, step up and place your bets
I drift through space, then make my escape on through the 'net
With CD's, cassettes, no C.O.D.'s or checks
Straight from the old school, aiyyo raw's in full effect
I'm like, Lex Luthor with rifles filled with kryptonite
When you grip the mic it's like c'mon kids, let's say goodnight
You don't like me but don't even know why should you hate me
You scared to face these so I still remain safely
Confidin', north phil' where I'm residin'
Never let an outside nigga slide in
This ain't home plate, I dunk on you once inside the paint
Flow like this you can't, take me you out, you ain't
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, tell me what you could do
Yo we drop the funk, and do the shit
Yo, head lost, sippin' this limbic framboise
Spittin' it for like whoever demand the answer
What's the cure for this hip-hop cancer? Equivalent
To this avalanche of black snow, rap flow
To get my people thinkin' mo', we at the brink of war
What does it all mean? What's it all for?
With knowledge of yourself, then you're through the first door
My people hungry and thirst for more next music explore
It's heavenly to your ebony daughter next door
So what you think the roots get the world respect for?
The splendid authentic hip-hop that's raw core
Severe, world premier, a superior sophomore
No doubt, wherever you dwell, that's where the bomb fell
Explodin' from the imperial en-sem-ble, for real
From the ven-ue to the avenue
We truly only got respect for a few, y'all ain't sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Represent the legendary fifth dynasty crew
Roots crew comin' through, tell me what you could do
Yo you lookin' for me? Nah we lookin' for you
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Represent the legendary with nuttin' to do
For you yo, lyrical one two
Blow up y'all, it's nuttin' new, nuttin' new
Look at y'all you just a army ant, I'm a gi-ant, arm fist
King of my city, runnin' this shit, just like a ty-rant
Y'all clowns know what I meant, that's if we at war
Then my henchmen, will be at your back door, uhh
Waitin', wise at debatin', trippin' over legos
Runnin' up the steps and lookin' for a weapon
But you come out wavin' a white flag, that's why
I just back slap that ass like shaq did ostertag
Either take me or be taken, you think I'm goin' down?
Psych, the jury, they're still deliberatin'
I got half of they kids, tied up in a basement
Nah I'm just playin' yo but that's how I'm playin' doe
Dig what I'm sayin yo? D I C E
Shove a mic in your mouth, like Ted Dibiase
When you come sloppy, fuck is y'all tryin' to do?
Y'all into, some wack shit, and ain't sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Represent the legendary fifth dynasty crew
Roots crew comin' through, tell me what you could do
One two, one two, yo we lookin' for you
One two, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Represent, fifty dynasty crew
Check it out, what? well one-two one-two, one-two
Knahmsayin' yo? it's nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, y'all not sayin' nuttin' new
Represent the legendary fifth dynasty crew
Roots crew, tell me what you could do
You lookin' for me we're lookin' for one-two, one-two
Ha hah hah! Y'all ain't sayin' nuttin' new
Wha-wha-one-two, one-two
Represent the legendary fifth knahmsayin'
Blowin' your vent, yo, content yo, it's like that