
(Chorus): 
Friends, Friends, Friends, Friends, how many of us have them? 
(How many of us have them?) 
Friends, Friends, Friends, Friends, ones you can depend on? 
(Ones you can depend on?) 
Friends, Friends, Friends, Friends, how many of us have them? 
(How many of us have them?) 
Friends, Friends, Friends, Friends, 
before we go any further, let's talk about friends. 
Bizzy 
 
Mo Thug in him, and even all of the people that'll support me, when I'm
in a bind and all the way to depend on, I don't need to know, then I [fret],
deep in the sin when the ship's away [so win] again, and again,
that'll help me (?). Can I get a witness to hold this within.  I don't trust no hoes
[no bitch], not even the one I had before.  Hoes, you won't roll, no [no], it
was probably me, so we go. We know what went wrong, and I know your
moms is laughing, and it's your aunty's baby's daddy in Cincinnati, with a
white bitch, happy.  [Look at you.]  And I'm out there rapping, ready for the
war, and end of the nights, but blessed, I'll be blasting enemies testin'.
Watch out for my friends.
 
(Wish): Bet I got my friends, bet I got mine, bet I got mine, yeah 
We straight up killaz, we realer, we just want tha money, y'all hataz 
we don't deserve 'em. Murda one, if we fin' ta go murda dem all, dey 
fall. They wanna see tha Bone fall, y'all, but nah, we too Bone 
I rememba, back lil' wayz when we were so hungry, when we were 
so hungry. But now thank The Lord, my thugs we got money 
We got money, hey. We got money to parlay, we got money to parlay 
Watch if I miss ya, hit chya, bet one of these thug-niggaz 
get wit' chya. How ya feel about murda, man? It's still tha 
same, you fukk wit' us, wang bangarang. It's like suicide 
nigga do or die. When ya fukkin' wit' mine, we gon' ride in tha end 
Somebody gon' die tonight, don't be fukkin' wit' my friends 
(Chorus) 
Layzie 
I can tell, wit' tha devil, I'm doin' is workin', Lurkin', approachin 
me like I must suffer, but in order ta prevent event, and your told 
to repent. 'Cause I gotta protect my fortune, and that's my friend 
till tha end. Rollin' in my Benz, neva thought what was next to occur 
Young entrepeneur, who defeat through tha bloody blood, we ready foe 
divide and conquer. Playa hation, infiltration, any situation, y'all 
muthafukkaz bring, go prepare foe eternal warfare, and I really don't 
care, 'cause I'm sayin' my prayer to tha Man Upstairz 
Keepin' my niggaz out here so strong, and doin' this pain 
and strain to survive. Lookin' out foe each-other everyday 
and our people's comin' up readin' The Bible 
Willin' ta die, if tha wicked is near me, if y'all eva try 
ta come wit' some crooked condition 
What it is, just ta book ah thug 
Come ah little bit closer nigga 
take ah look at this picture of ah vision of ah mission accomplished 
Bone Thugs all tha way 'till tha end, and again, and again, and again 
and again, don't try ta come between my, my. 
(Chorus) 
Krayzie 
Momma told me watch yo' friends 
They can be enemiez within 
quick to pretend like they fit in 
Get in, they put it all to an end 
I know ya kinda choosed survival, pinned ya 
Nigga done tried ta infiltrate tha clique, we gonna get chya 
No Evil! Get's in me, apart from my people 
Militant that's how we choose to roll, and we road warriorz 
about tha war, tha war, tha war 
When you call my name I will be there, I'll be there 
Neva got to worry 'bout nobody else 
Indeed, and though I know I want mo' time 
I need mo' time. Sweat about Armageddon 
it's gonna get us, are you ready? What about yo' friends? Friends 
'till tha very end, through tha freezin' wicked windz 
wicked windz. What about yo' friends? 
Flesh~N~Bone 
I've been ready wit' ah bang, I'm here ta bring all tha noize 
Don't think you can avoid tha wrath, then get 'em with tha math 
not that tha fact that tha skiez be shorted 
Thoughted tha coast was clear, but you couldn't see ah hidden Flesh 
thought if you'd been in silence 
Longer they know that to you, host preapared to crept in yo' crib 
Till then and they wanted ta see tha violence 
Droppin', gettin' locked and get in stayed in asylum 
Livin' life on under tha hill. Release that trail 
and one ah my niggaz been in celled, because I stay high 
smoke, enhale. And I may break it wit' ah nigga, will he suffer 
don't make no mistake, or don't faim his spray 
Anticipation ta get you sprayed, but what if he hesitate? 
Make my day. They lay, any nigga they would 
It be easy ta pick up ah tune. When do we end? 
Will they come get this shit done, and over ah partner 
must ah been one of my friends 
Betta watch yo' back, otha people you think are yo' homiez 
open my fist I can pin when ya fallin 
I said only Mo' Thug aloud, and only we Souljahz can roll gee