
This is what we need, you decided this 
What you say..oooo (x4) 
Glasses malone: 
G malone, Still on the block with it, 
Just posted, my steel got some rounds in it. 
Case haters make a problem and i gotta solve it, 
Belly leaned against the curtain like an alcoholic. 
Kill bill was still kicking like lucy lu, 
And watch my Lil homies hustle like i used to do. 
Heard they mad i got crips calling troops with rules. 
What they all turning gang y'all be used to ?? 
here to stay your cake leaves 6 summers 
your baby mama already want the dick from em
and your sister calling me her little bust it baby. 
While your teenage daughter steals my post for fame 
so crazy, haters scared to start me up 
you can't fade me, your clippas ain't sharp enough 
Ain't another rapper breathing, Its smart and tough 
So any dummy tryna learn me better smartin up. 
Chorus 
This is what we need, you decided this 
What you say..oooooo (x4) 
Lil Wayne : 
Come on, Call me Weezy baby, (yeah) hands up, tick waven. 
Hey now, lay down like a nigga put a bed down. 
Sleep tight, die in a dirt cheap life. 
Suit, tuck, tie, and the shirt speech nice, 
I blump some throats, trucker bloke (go on) 
Where we at daddy, guns and coke. 
home, the quiter we smoke the rise provoke (bom) 
All them busters allow me suffer-in 
Show em not to ever fuck around with the fuckers-and 
Stop looking up the mountain above ya 
HAve you looking under cars, inspecting mufflers 
you know Thats reality baby, check your calendar 
Every days a new day and this can be the last one (yeah) 
So you better make it pay off 
or make a nigga scratch a day off. (Weezy) 
Chorus (x4) 
Look baby its g's ova here, Cheese over here. 
pass them lames tryna holla at ya. 
You come and ride with a thug, i'm fly as a dove 
Switching lanes, tossing dollars at ya. 
Ain't you tired of them fakes, who lie about the cake 
you can tell them dudes probably actors 
But me and wayne got an addiction 
One of em trippin be the one either ones happenin 
Now getting back to the gutter, 
Back to the corner 
Back to the grimey shit 
I mean i'm back at the butter 
Back filling quotas 
Back tryna find the brick 
I heard you 21 again, connects getting hit and want us to make ammends 
But really i ain't trippin hommie know i make an end 
Cuase my rip game is funny shit don't make a twin nigga. 
Chorus (X4)