
Bizzy Bone ('Cause I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival) BTNHResurrection 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! 'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 'cause she was just another one. (...and I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival) (part of the survival,-vival,-vival...and I know I'm, and I know I'm) 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! (part of the survival,-vival,-vival...and I know I'm, and I know I'm) 'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 'cause she was just another one. 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! 
Remember when you're all alone, 
my cellular phone,
was turned off. 
Smokin' burners with my dog, and it's all good, baby. 
Everyone who steal the flow, 
all y'all some hoes. 
Shermed out, let's make some mo' money. 
I'm kinda hungry, it's all good. Haters
I don't wanna rock 'em if they study another Bone role. 
Will they do the run and when they're comin' when I'm rollin' in my hummer. 
A son of a bitch, I got 'em cuffed. Tough in the summer. 
Love a thug Nigga from the pinnacle, 
I felt like losin' my mind. 
There was some other kind. 
Really wanna smoke the weed after you swallow me. And try not to follow me blind, find me 69. Real lit, 
smokin' the finest vintage wine, talkin' bout time with me 
and you wanna to be something more than just a dime to me. 
fine with me
(part of the survival,-vival,-vival...and I know I'm) (Finally I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival...) (and I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival, and I know I'm, and I know I'm) 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! 
'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 
'cause she was just another one. [*2] 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! (part of the survival,-vival,-vival...
and I know I'm and I know I'm) Now a bitch can cut me, fuck my homies, be a dyke and spike my Hennessy. Have babies by one of my enemies then, then come and pretend she wanna befriend. 
They probably wanna send me to the edge of the cliff, 
inherit all of my chips and then go spend it with another nigga. Rubbin' my shit, and lickin' my lick, 
nobody does it better than the Rip! 
That's the shit, welcome the widow keeping the pistol gripped 
under my pillow. Well, when you peep out the window, it's so cold. Get in 'fore the wind blow. 
No hoes allowed,-lowed,-lowed. 
Get in 'fore the wind blow. 
No hoes allowed, no hoes allowed, no hoes allowed. 
Now that bitch can cut and fuck my homies, be a dyke and spike my Hennessy. Have babies by one of my enemies then, then, then. 
Man, the chicks can cut me. Fuck my homies. Be a dyke and spike my Hennessy. Have babies by one of my enemies then, then, then, then... 
(Finally I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival) 'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 'cause she was just another one. (...and I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival) (I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival...and I know I'm, and I know I'm) 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! (part of the survival,-vival,-vival...) 
'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 'cause she was just another one. 
I woke up early in the mornin' with my concubine yawnin'. 
Smellin' like last night's Henn'. 
'Til the crack of dawn, we get it on. 
Then again, nigga reel it down from me 
just 'cause we're T-H-U-Gs. 
But the money was abundant, 
start up my family tree. 
Eager to move, we leavin' we got in in Cleveland that same week 
or sell speakers, bid for insurance. 
And that ass won't free my people with warrants. 
Over there, come call us. 
All this over a hoe. 
My homeboy has no dough and wants to force it, 
let me know. What a crazy ass life. 
Play me right, don't play me twice. 
Damn, I'm a grown man, gettin' in big fights. 
It'd be nice to settle down. 
Yeah right, yeah right, yeah right. 
Yeah right, yeah right, yeah right. 
Man, a bitch can cut me. Fuck my homies, homies, homies, homies. (I'm still high...) And be a dyke and spike my Hennessey, then, then, then (it's all right...) 
Have babies by one of my enemies, have babies by one of my enemies. (I'm still high...) 
Hung jury 'cause the police, they can never hold me. (I'm still high!) 
Eventually you're gonna remember me! (I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival...) 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard! (and I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival, and I know I'm, and I know I'm) (I know I'm part of the survival,-vival,-vival...and I know I'm and I know I'm) 
'Cause she was just another one night stand, (And I know I'm, and I know I'm...) 'cause she was just another one. [*2] 
Get up and wash my ass, and dash, she was just another one night stand for big dick daddy 'case you heard!