
[Intro]
It's about 40 degrees out there
I know all you out there listening to these sounds
Humping and a bumping out in your jeeps
Well, ahh..y-you tell em Moe (fart sound)
That's right, and right now, we're gonna hit you off
With one from Redman, and uhh, it's about uhh
Well.. OOH OOH AHH AHH, he's gon', LET THE MONKEY OUT
[Redman]
Ha, Chi-Town in it
Yo, yo-y-yo-yo
Now first of all I be the Doc smoking blocks of hash
Alert your fag ass commisioner when I harass because
Hood regulation is, no infiltration
If it's hot to your crew
Then it's hot to the next patient
I'm in The Bricks like backspins on the Knicks
I'm not a playa, but y'all hating me like I'm a pimp
These cars y'all talk about, the Doc already whipped
You 'bout to go downtown bitch, like The Shiznit
Overseas banging kok in the parking lot
I'm overdosing in a Amsterdam coffee shop
And when you lust for hardcore music to bust
Trust that nigga who bubble more than Alka-Seltzer Cold Plus
Static, niggas actin all dramatic
I'd rather smoke cabbage, in the chair getting tatted
My P.O. tried to violate me for the habit
Because I walked in the office rocking straight karats
Chorus:
Gonna ride in the hoop' with a freak tonight
Hope to God I don't have to pull the heat tonight
But uhh, light up a L cause I'm a nigga for life
Hustlers, got the shit that'll keep you high!
[Female Voice]
Just gently place the balls, into the mouth, and .. HUMMMMM
Gently, place the balls into the mouth and.. HUMMMMM
[Redman]
Yo, I'm in your local ghetto rolling a Corona Deluxe
Bitch you better hit the 40, fuck a margarita!
Shit I still scam change out the parking meter
And get a bunch of pussies wet overflooding peanuts
Yes, smoke a quarter-sacks, hut one two
My cerebral will keep the white boys sniffing glue
Hotter than Champagne Rump Shaker Part II
Get dap like the Mad Rapper, "Who da fuck are you?"
The Loaded Desperado, I'm cooler than Rollo
(Ay yo, what you hitting Doc?) I'm hitting hoes up in the Tahoe
Gettin chickens fighting in the back of the Apollo
Say, "Fuck that!" if I'm a tough act to follow
("Fuck That!!!") Disagree I bring the beef gyro
Only right I spiral the hot shit that I know
[Eric Sermon]
Then buy a six shot Eclipse with plastic grips
[Redman]
And get a gangsta bitch who love robbing shit!
[Chorus]
[Redman]
It don't stop y'all, it don't stop nigga
You don't stop y'all, it don't stop nigga
I turn an independent woman back into a HOOCHIE
Make a Jew rock a Dashiki and a KUFI
[Eric Sermon]
I be the, Nutty Professor, style aggressor
Put rappers under pressure, with no cooker
[Redman]
Rock it to a T. like Booker,
You're straight shook up
I can't hang with pussy niggas who be scared as hell to push up
Too much money and, not enough time
It be, too many thugs and not enough nines
Hey hoe, here come five-o, stash the blow
Stop sucking on my dick and slide on your Kenneth Coles
[Eric Sermon]
And everytime we look around them niggas on my block
[Redman]
Ay yo them Def Squad motherfuckers keeps it hot
[Chorus] (2X)
HUMMMMM (2X)