
Verse 1: charlie brown
Bring one mc, two mc, three mc.
Send any mc's. it doesn't matter to me.
Sterp up like a thief in the night.
No wins and I begin. my third eye is bright.
Here to shine. light skies the limit on d.l.
Who fell, yeah time will tell.
The leaders of the new.
The #1 crew blunts and brew for the hip-hop school.
Girls got my picture posters, pin-ups.
Wanna skin up (big up, big up).
It's a race against the clock, and I can't stop countdown,
Hear the sound see boogie brown..
(uptown saturday night) 125 we arrive so live from new york,
Word life. you know I can kick it.
At my show on the down low, you're sellin' wolf-tickets.
Ha ha, the trigger I'm tryin' to tell ya.
Now my nigga, I'm getting larger and bigger the factor
Here to cockalak! a crack that back like a chiropractor
Just the collective my perspective to be
Effective is the main objective.
(warriors come out and¡­) props me say me nots.
Any violations won't be tolerated.
Let's not debate it if you hate it, 'cause I made it.
The loot, the boob tube, all that shit included,
In a matter of seconds you will be excluded.
Checka check it out.
East coast stomp in action for rich or for poor.
We created the fashion left (foot),
Right (foot), stomp (stomp).
Leaders of the new school do the east coast stomp.
Well it's a quarter
Quarter. quarter. quarter.
Quarter to cutthroat.
A quarter. quarter. quarter. quarter.
Quarter to cutthroat.
Verse 2: dinco d.
It's the power of importance making people act as is compare fair.
From here to there, fair seems a little quiz
So question what I conquer as kruger kills a kid
My friends got caught with luger so now he does the bid
Bring 'em in, bring em in
See the clock on the wall with one eye open.
Scarface to brawl to panic seized quarter cut.
Squeezed to ten gave quarter back five with a minute to win,
Then plenty a many men
With any if any trend came rename fame shame
To backspin speakin' spic spans off spills of crack bins
So get your action. right locating jaws draw.
Bite mars is mourned warned rating.
Torn wound a sprite bright light the mics.
Mix vega a quarter woters.
What you get when you're broke, becomes bodega bothering, sobering
Ting-a-ling-a-ling (ding).
Right on to milo on the dot.
Verse 3: milo
You want strength, what strength.
What you really want strength.
Milo in the dance is on chee.
Lippie l.o.n.s. lenght. now 'nuff respect to the sekel set.
Seeking section for recovery.
D me a beg uni.
Don't bother me. "why, ooh¡±.
Because I and I am the one they call
De pum pum docter no bother.
Get vex because I og check your daughter.
Ideal punnie make the I feel better.
Me naw. want to put me wood in the wall of fire.
One step, two step. make you reach little high.
You askin' why oh why you have to make it bad so why oh.
Inna me carkey suit and thing. love is all I bring inna the party.
Party respect to yardie it's a rude, boy.
Type inna everybody. white, black, to chinie pass the heini, onset offset.
No prisoners at war a quarter to cutthroat is the new school law.
You better be in by sundown.
Sending death threats from miles around.
Busta bust down with the surround sound.
Tic tac tic. ready to pickins hip-hop easy listning.
Time to take order 'cause it's a quarter to cut.
What, what you can't front.
Chorus
Verse 4: busta rhymes
No more lucky charms for the malpractice tactics.
Fiasco, fiskell, siskel and ebert.
Criticism, devilish exorcism.
I strive to destroy and kill all inconsiderate organisms.
Time will only last for the ones who bust that ass.
All gridlock thinking. you better think fast, quick!
Because I'm riffling down the stifling,
Trifling sound who's killing who, times killing you.
Stupid. you need to sweat yourself. don't sweat nobody else.
I got my own perspiration check the conversation.
Minutes away, your ass is through dealing.
Ha, smack yourself and find exactly your feeling.
It's detrimental and essensial that I chemistry thoroughly
In my dimensional dungeon residential vicinity.
Wack germs. you're like a cureless growing disease.
Go and suck the clitoris of a trichamonis. discharge cheese.
Ha, ease. ha, substract counteract enemies, ha.
Carrying on while I be ripping and shredding
Getter fierce gotta pierce the wack to stop the germs spreading.
Before you striked, you caught a stroke.
Now you're half-dead nigga, ¡®cause it's a quarter to cutthroat
Quarter to cutthroat !!!!!!!!
Quarter to cutthroat !!!!!!!!
Quarter to cutthroat !!!!!!!!
Quarter to cutthroat !!!!!!!!
Quarter to cutthroat !!!!!!!! (fading)