
Supreme gangsta shit, we dream gangsta shit
Yes, yes, yeah what is it? What is it?
Doctor, is everything alright?
Yes, I'm straight, go to bed
Yeah, yeah, it's alive
It's pourin' rain, thunder and lightning
Clash of the titans, I'm home writin'
Gangsta rap has arrived, I'm the only man alive
October 31st, 1985
Hard times, just got harder
Adolescent Ice Cube, the shit starter
A martyr, thanks to the father
For bein' this mean as sixteen raps, feel like the bitch scream
You learned about your triple beam from me
You stopped payin' for pussy and hit that ass for free
A little G never thought, that I could change the world
Witta attitude, a Raider jacket and a jheri curl
Got every girl wantin' to do me, screw me
Boyz 'N The Hood, the first rap, the first movie
Ooh wee, it's alive
So whatchu gon' do 24-7, 3-65
Dr. Frankenstein, Dr. Frankenstein
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes
The world had to bow to this new style
Dial 9 1 1, makin' more money than the law allow
But Fuck Tha Police, they can get deez
Now who was sayin' shit like that before me?
Nobody, but everybody wanna take the star's place
And be Scarface in the car chase
Illegitimate, counterfeit
Even got white boys talkin' shit off the shit I invent
No no, motherfuckers musta took a photo
Tryin' to call my gangsta shit 'mafioso'
But who ya usin'? Fool it ain't no solution
To the evolution, of pimps and prostitution
I cuss, skanlous, I give a rush
To niggas who mind turn to mush, smokin' on brush
Hush, I'm just a lush for this Hen
Chrome electrodes, connected to my pen
When, blowin' motherfuckers ain't knowin' what we goin' through
Spiritually, lyrically showin' you
They call me, 'Amerikkka's Most Hated'
Gettin' liberated by this monster I created
Dr. Frankenstein
We love to bump you Frankenstein, yo' shit is the best
Take my body and my mind, don't fuck with the stress
Hit me with that game to win, if you want, hit me again
We love you Frankenstein, we love you Frankenstein
Now how many times did a nigga have to warn ya?
Ya fuckin' up the formula, call the coroner
It's outta hand, 'cause sucker ass niggas like you
Try to pay the rent off my blueprint
New cent to the industry
You thought my shit was biodegradable, uh, uh, it's unfadeable
Unstoppable, runnin' through your suburbs
Incredible thug words
We gets down, nigga do the Monster Mash
And watch a nigga like me collect monster cash
'Cause I'm sittin' wit this bitch who got monster ass
Keep em wonderin' how long the Don will last
And never pass, and when I want it buttered on toast
Can't no nigga see Ice Cube on no coast
So all you gotta do is focus
And see that I'm the fuckin' loccest with this hocus pocus
Dr. Frankenstein, Dr. Frankenstein
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh wee, it's alive, you better run and hide
Cover your ears and your eyes