
Verse 1 
Anything you can do I can do better 
I perform trends and you still a trend setter 
Weezy just let em. just let em die 
I Got all the answers so they call me when why 
What? Where? Who? you think you fly 
Im up there too you fly? I flew 
Im up there too you know they say two 
Is better than one time im 
a pimp pimping all the time 
So keep your two cents before I give your ass a dime 
Pistol on my waist gon' need a funeral at wake 
Cuz ima pull that motherf**ker dead in your face 
R.I.P I know my history run dmc 
But my girl is only worried bout one dmc 
And im the shit like I.M.T.H.E.S.H.I.T 
Verse 2 
Ready to battle anyone 
ima go with god and a bag full of guns 
Yeah,im a animal hear me growl 
You against me is like man vs wild 
Me against you is like man vs child 
And I am the man 
Its young mullah applaud my team 
And we prefer red carpet if the floors are not clean 
Its mr. its the microphone fiend 
And they running with my words like im writing on jeans 
Yeah, and if they lights car scream 
They were singing my song,I like to be seen 
I deserve to be heard if anything else 
So I fear god and the world goin deaf 
Can you hear me now? 
Even the hip hop vets tell me im the.. 
Verse 3 
I put it down like its too heavy 
Rocking out with the world in my hands 
Heaven in my plans 
I swear I am important like the evanescence of saying 
im just trying to make my alphabets as heavy as I can 
how do I live, when im as deadly as I am 
I give props and every other extra credit that I can 
Cuz see, ill respect the merit of a fan 
No homo but please blow me to japan 
Ok im getting hotter ima need another fan 
I keep going so here I go again 
Always trying to be better than I am 
Label me the best and in the throne I will stand 
Why? Because I'm just a stand up guy 
Your hands smoking me cuz I got your hands high 
I prolly be ? ja rule when I cry 
You only know me but god knows I try 
No x-rays show my insides 
and I gotta stay IN touch with my pimp side 
so tell your girl I say wass up 
I say hi she like thats whats up 
Like the sky 
Bird gang taking off bitch watch em fly 
They paint the sky red like the crimson tide 
Flow retarded special olympics kind that gold metal heavy but it fit just fine 
So, I just had to spit this rhyme 
Spit like im trying to tounge kiss this rhyme 
Some say greatness gets better with time 
So I bought a zillion watches but dont watch mine 
You little f**ks are so iron-nicle Nickel plus four is a 9 mm 
No startch but I told iron, All out in the open like im in iran
Young, champ I am
Like a lamp I'm on
but umm i can clap and then lights off
take no nights off do my days the same
and people change but fuck it, nothin stays the same
and naw i aint speaking so dont wave the blame
lock me up but you can never cave the brain
Gasoline, king vision if my gaze is flames
No you cannot stop my vibe
couple page a game, dang a-gain?
Yup well give me some crazy frames
and if this camera shoots me, then Lord save my chains
Lord save the rings I am way too vain
Listening to that Kanye again
I play the game like, I made the game
You playin like you tryna get traded man
And you aint gotta call me the greatest man
But I am more of a dog than the greatest Dane
You boys actin like ladies man
Crying like you bout to have babies man
And you can find me grindin on the days it rain
And thats because i know the sun will raise again
And when it do Ima praise the Man
They say you crazy Wayne but i jus bake a man
And thats Ms. Baker saying that i'm the...