
Shit, tired as..
Need some pussy badder than a motherfucker.
See if this bitch is home.
(Dialing)
(Ringing)
(Girl) - Hello?
(Scarface) - Hello darlin' how you feelin'? It's Sax.
(Girl) - Fine, how are you?
(Scarface) - Ahh, just maxin'
(Girl) - Been thinking of you.
(Scarface) -Yeah? Well let's get together.
(Girl) - Okay.
(Scarface) - Let me take me a shit, and I'ma meet 'cha at 11. Oh yo, bring a friend, I gotta buddy wit me.
(Girl) - Ain't got no friend.
(Scarface) - What?!
(Girl) - Just come and get me.
(Scarface) - I guess you know what's up.
(Girl) - Yeah I know what's up.
(Scarface) - I ain't down for a love affair, I just wanna fuck.
(Girl) - Better come get me.
(Scarface) - Yo, don't bullshit me, she thinks I wanna long one, but I just want a Quickie.
Knocked on her window, didn't wanna wake her parents. Came to the door and the bitch was just starin'
(Scarface) - Come on girl.  Yo what the fuck is up?
(Girl) - Why you rushing?
(Scarface) - You rollin' with a nigga bitch or what?
Ãƒ‚Ã‚Â 
Walked out lookin' kinda sexy, jumped in the vehicle, and you know what happened next D. Took her about an hour to get hot, but once I got her started it was hard to make her stop. She started making noises, and then the heavy breathing, I started suckin' the tits, and rubbin' the pussy. Easy Ha ha ha, yeah.
But anyway.
She was more like beggin', and pleadin' for the fuckin', unzipped my trousers, and then started suckin'. Had me sayin' shit, I grabbed her by the sweater, she wanna lick my booty, I guess I better let her. Once I came I didn't want the bitch to kiss me, she thought I wanted a long one but I only wanted a Quickie. Ha ha ha ha ha ha, Word. Yeah.
Drove her back home, she was lookin' kind of frantic. I gave the bitch some dick, I couldn't understand it.
(Scarface) - Ay yo, what's the problem?
(Girl) - I didn't even cum, I shoulda stayed home.
(Scarface) - Yeah, but I'da still got me some. Pull it together, get your shit and go.
She looked me in my eyes, shook her head and said NO. She'd of killed me if I didn't fuck her right, so I got on that ass and fucked the pussy all night. She was cumming hectic two nuts at a time, it really didn't mater, 'cause man, this bitch was fine. She was slippin' off the seat so I caught her, The girl had the looks that made me wanna fuck her harder, grabbed me by my head, she was moanin' and prayin', opened up some more, and fucked her in the ass. The bitch was gettin' married, but all that shit was fine, I gave the girl a fuckin' that would last a life time.
Oooooh, when I get home, my girl is gonna get me, it turned into a long one but I only wanted a Quickie.
Ãƒ‚Ã‚Â 
Ãƒ‚Ã‚Â 