
[krs-one]
Yes, right about now we got afrika
From the jungle brothers on the wheels of steel
My sister harmony right beside me
And i, krs-one on the mic
Sidney mills on the keyboards
And dwayne on the engineering
And once again, this style is dedicated to the heavenly father
Because you know ya rule!
[harmony]
Where can they go, where can they turn? 
When they hear your name, that fire burns.. their very soul! (fi-yah!)
What can they do, what can they say? 
They can't live without your love.. (ba-da-bi)
Another day.. (ba-ba-bad-bad-bad)
[krs-one]
Bad man people and petty rob-ber
Straighten up your ways or you will suf-fer
What go around come around and this is the law
The manmade law krs-one ig-nore
I walk the streets as a ruff yout bwoy
Very intelligent, and full of joy
Go to a concert and mash up the jam (bo)
People in the world know just who I am
I am what I am cause I am not soft
When the blind lead the blind - that's when ya lost
Me just a dj dealin with negative
Nonsense messages, a what dem a give
Bdp strong, cause jah is the strength
Bdp long, cause jah is the length
Bdp together, cause jah is the link
We a just arise, while the negative sink! come!
[harmony]
Where can they go, where can they turn? 
When they hear your name, that fire burns.. (burns!)
Their very soul! (lick dem down!)
And what can they do, what can they say? 
They can't live without your love.. another day.. (come!)
Where can they go..
What can they do?  (bo)
[krs-one]
We are not a front and, we are no fraud
Every hit record comes straight from the lord
We live in jail cell and we live in shelter
If you help yourself, well jah will help ya
Look to no man but love everyone
Stand on your own and work til you're done
Follow the commandments that jah set forth
Cause manmade laws, made man lost (bo)
[harmony]
Where can they go, where can they turn? 
When they hear your name, that fire burns.. (ba-da-bi-bi-bi)
Their very soul! (fi-yah!)
What can they do, what can they say? 
They can't live without your love.. another day..
They need you, in their lives
They know, your live is right (always right)
You're the inspiration (yes) that sweet revelation
All their hope, and their salvation (so right)
And where can they go, where can they turn (where ya hide? )
When they hear your name, that fire burns.. their very soul!
(wa-da-ba-da-bi-bi-bi-bi-bi)
What can they do, what can they say? 
They can't live without your love.. another day..
(fi-yah, fi-yah, fi-yah, fi-yah)
They need you, in their lives
They know, your love is right
You're the inspiration, that sweet revelation
And all of their hopes (jah rulez) and their salvation
Where can they go, where can they turn (jah rule every time)
When they hear your name, that fire burns.. (nowhere)
Their very soul (kyan't move without the movement of jah, seen? )
And what can they do, what can they say
They can't live without your love.. another day..
Where do they go
What do they do? 
Where do they turn
What can they say? 
Where do they go, what can they do
Breathe without you? 
Where do they go
Breathe without you? 
What do they do.. *fades*