
Aiyyo whassup E double? Yo whassup man?
Yo these crab MC's got us trapped up behind these walls man
But I'm ready to break out of here and do this, you know what I'm saying?
So whats the magic word?
Open sesame and let down the main gate
Before you screamed EPMD, you shouldn't wait
I roll with a posse, hey you tried to stop me
Also yo, your brothers tried to pop me
On the sneak tip, without me knowing
So I keep going, and my rhymes keep flowing
On and on, and I don't quit
I get pushed to the limit, and yo that's it
Step by step, I put an end to your fun
'Cause I'm the chosen one, yes me my son
A young kid from the ghetto, a kiddie from the city
I don't feel sorrow and I have no pity
To run up on you, and wax plus tax
Your gold, your money, and from your eyes your contacts
Then flex over, a hop skip and a jump
To the next town, to go punk a chump
MC's try to diss me, and try to bust caps
I'm not having it, and that means no haps jack
So get the bozack, only off the crack, that's wack
This is the big payback
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
As I go and flow, to a different type of tempo
Why MD? Come on E, the P keeps it simple
Plus I'm striking like lightning, throwing blows like Tyson
Slaying MC's on the QT, sorta like a sniper
So if a sucker don't like me, the feeling is mutual
I took my rhyme to a lower RPM, then shift to neutral
Then crack a 40, what kind of old E
To slay an MC how, on the QT
So whats your name boy? Come on, you know its MD
So while I'm wrecking he's checking, all the bodies that's left and
A pile behind the stage, the P is like stepping
Off from the scenes, I see lights and sirens
Witness everywhere, but no one seen a thing
When cops ask questions, my description is vague
No answers at all, just bodies behind the stage
One witness yells out, that he was dressed in black
Stupid dookie link, with a fisherman hat
A cop said, "Yo, howd he flee from the spot?"
In a black sports car, I think it was an iroc
But the windows were tinted, and we couldnt get a look
Why? There was smoke from the rubber he cooked the big payback
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
No rome-et-oh, or Juliette romance story
Just EMPD, the fame and the glory
The rapping technique, something like fencing, dangerous
It keeps you in suspense
And you have to be cool, and plus have stamina
'Cause if you don't, I'm gonna end up stabbing ya
In your guts, from the razor cuts
And I'ma stick and pick, until your mind goes nuts
It might sound gross, or make your stomach bubble
But don't never ever ever, mess with E double
I'm like Jumping Jack flash, a spy with an eye
I do no stunts, and I'm not the fall guy
I'm just the E, the R I C K, that's all
Did some check one-twos, and some yes yes y'alls
I'm the man of the hour, sweet to be sour
So what you saying E? I got soul power
So dig it, as I kick it, keep your eyes open
'Cause a brother like me, is always scoping
In fact, you should pack, because I cut no slack
It's like that, this is the big payback
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
If rapping was a tribe ID be the chief commanche
Had fat link, chunky rings, nutting fancy
So saddle up MC's, and off we go
It's not a rodeo, but I carry a lasso
'Cause I'm back from vacation, 'cause suckers kept slipping
Rapping off-beat, plus your tunes wasn't hitting
They wanna claim a style on the M I C
But I can rotate the state, cold ripping shows with E
'Cause whether maxing or relaxing, waxing or taxing
Never step to a show without packing
My partners, Mr. Smith and Mr. Wessun
So nothing moves funny, at the rapping session
I'm strictly biz and knuckles, no time for laugh or chuckles
I drop clear lyrics, while your bass sound muffled
You sniff blow? Hell no, and still flow and say go
More or less do a show, nah
The only high I get, is when my fans yell hoe
So get the bo-zack, because were back to hack
Here to let you know that it's the big payback
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
Big payback, yo, big payback, yo
Yeah, that's right man, big payback in eighty-nine
You know what I'm saying
EPMDs in effect on the unfinished business tip
[Incomprehensible] and Tony, snapping necks
Yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo
...