
[snoop dogg talking]
Yeah. anotha dogg house production. my nigga meech roll it.
Wussup. we movin solo for the 9-9, 9-8, ya heard me? 
Too many flees, too many bustaz. we doin this shit solo.
Dig it¡­
[snoop dogg]
Cold game (cold game), new twist (new twist).
My niggaz step back and let me do this (do this)
'cause I'm that 5-0 with em, getting 5-0's, sittin getting in the wind
For all my homies in the pen
It's back on
My backbone, my wife in my life & down wit a nigga before my paper was tite.
Boo, you's a real bitch
I write that real shit
That them niggaz just got to get with
I bounce in and out of town just like a basketball player
Pass weed with the g's
And pass laws with the mayors
See, that's the difference between
You, me, and him
Nigga, I'm silk the slim
With the feather in his brim
I swim under water and don't get wet
Then bounce back to the hood and c-walk the set
I keep it gangsta all the time
An you can ask the doug, insanes, and one-9
'cause i'm¡­
[hook]
Born gangsta, stays on the move (keep it tru, dawgz)
Dogg pound just for the fuck of it (dogg pound!)
Born gangsta, keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now
'cause I'm havin papers now (dogg pound!)
[snoop dogg]
I stay on em like cop cars
Man, you watch your rabid-ass nine
Tryin to stop cars hoo-bangin this fast-lane game
It ain't a thang
I was learnin this game when you was servin your cane
It's where my shit's at
Flip rats tryin to get some get-back
Sit back, an holla at a playa bout¡­ cold game
I stay bout it (bout it)
A bitch'll have you crossed up
An niggaz get you crossed out
I cant hang and bang wit y'all no more y'all niggaz flossed out
An papers what I'm all about
It's down that bullshit roll with y'all or take the baller
I take the baller out, he take the small amount
Long-term big shit
That's what I'm all about
Call em out, stall em out
Fuck em, I twist em
The hardhead never listen
They never recognize and they never pay attention
I stay g, and by the way did I mention¡­ young nigga
[hook]
Born gangsta, stays on the move (move on, move on)
Dogg pound just for the fuck of it (d-p-g¡­ dogg pound!)
Born gangsta, keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now
'cause I'm havin papers now (get cha money, get cha money¡­ dogg pound!)
[snoop dogg]
A-b-c-d-p-g-c
Ain't no l-i-m-i-to the t (ain't no limit)
I'm fuckin wit g's that's makin moves with thugs
You still catch me hangin out
In the muthafuckin club
One love (one love, nigga!), sippin moet
Holla'in at cha bitch (beeyatch!)
All by my lonely, 'cause I don't give a shit
C-walkin on the dance floor, throwin up dp (dogg pound!)
An ain't nobody gon' fuck with me
'cause I'm a tru tank dogg
With big bank, y'all
Let's sample down with snoop an watch us come back an spank y'all (woo!)
Keepin high, stay on top
I'm #1 with a bullet and I'm back on top (back on top!)
(say what? ) hunter proof, gold tooth with the diamond in the middle
Roll-model millionaire gangsta ass nigga
We steady mobbin while we lynchin
Stay independent, on a mission
By the way did I mention? (keep it gangsta, nigga!)
[hook]
Born gangsta, stays on the move (move on, move on)
Dogg pound just for the fuck of it (d-p-g¡­ dogg pound!)
Born gangsta keepin it true (keep it real, dawg)
None of y'all can stop me now (yeah, stop that)
'cause I'm havin papers now (stop that¡­ dogg pound!)
Born gangsta, stays on the move (stay on the move, move on)
Dogg pound just for the fuck of it (d-p-g¡­ dogg pound!)
Born gangsta keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now (stop that)
'cause I'm havin papers now (yeah¡­ dogg pound! you know!)
[snoop dogg talking]
Another dogg house production. my nigga meech on the beat. got another smoke
Just goin down, that's how it goes.
Gotta say wussup to all my niggaz in the house
My nigga meech in the house
Yeah, chop-chop from the agb
Yeah, goldielox
An the lbc
Warren g
Aww yeah
Kiddie banks from the lbc
Jc
Aww yeah
>from the big lb
This how we do it y'all, dpg
And we out¡­.
[hook out]