
(Angie Martinez): It's funny 'cause, you know, we've been asking people what they wanted to know. I mean, clearly, you've been having this thing with Kim. And I don't know, just thinking about you and where you were from and that you're a rapper - and I'm thinking, sure, I know things have gotten crazy and people are assuming -- even though you say it's not specifically about her -- that Roman's Revenge is for Kim.
(Nicki Minaj): Umm, you know, she just really jumped and you gotta be careful when you pick fights. And that's what I've learned in this business, you just never know -
(Lil' Kim): SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Who the fuck want war?
Fed-Ex beef straight to your front door.
It'll be a murder scene,
I'm turning Pink Friday to Friday the 13th.
Aight you Lil' Kim clone clown,
All this buffoonery shit stops now.
Time for you to lay down, I'm sick of the fraud,
I put hands on this bitch like a spa massage.
We all know your last name's what got you your job,
You's a put together gimmick, somethin' like a collage.
Since you're putting on a show you gon' get the applause --
Clap clap with your frame like a fucking garage (Yeaaaah)
This hood shit, you and Drake ain't built for --
This the shit the other bitch almost got killed for.
I'm still counting what Hard Core generated.
Bet my shit keep spendin' like a syndicated.
Corny broad, I leave you bloody like you menstruated.
You hot air ass bitch shoulda BEEN deflated.
This ain't a championship fight, I BEEN the greatest.
See the fact is... what you doin', I did it.
You lames tryna clone my style and run wit it.
That's cool, I was the first one wit it --
You's a Lil' Kim wannabe, you just hate to admit it.
I'm the blueprint; you ain't nothin' brand new,
Check your posters and videos, 
you'll always be number two.
I seen 'em come, I seen' em go, still I remain.
Sweetie, you goin' on your 14th minute of fame,
I'm over 10 years strong still running the game
Cut the comparisons I'm in the legendary lane.
Fighting for the spot? Child please, I'm solidified.
With my hands tied, you couldn't beat me if you bitches tried.
Either you high or sippin' that shit Wayne on
I get top dollar for whateva my name on
Go stick your head in a tomato -- brainstorm.
I drop bombs. Flex. Napalm.
Black and yellow, will pull up in your ghetto,
Giuseppes when I step out, post it up in stilettos.
Pussy so pink like my Kitty sayin' Hello,
If I whistle they'll pistol whip you in all five boroughs.
I'm from Brooklyn, I be everywhere comfortably.
Now who pumped you and told you to come rump wit me?
You the type to run your mouth and then run from me
I'm poppin' off in your hood wit no company.
Come on, Queens ain't showin' you no love,
I was there the other night poppin' bottles with a thug.
You like Washington. Heifer, I'm Benji.
You got a buzz right now, and I had a frenzy.
Oh yeah, welcome to the fam... Fendi.
You needa stop, you're not hot, you're a burning match
That means the end is near soon, copy that?
Ho, I see...they really got you gassed
Like I'm a thing of the past.
Better slow down, dummy, you 'bout to crash
STINK PUSSY HO! I'm giving you a bath,
Thermometer in hand and I'm comin' for your ass.
Who you think you gettin' past?
'I see right through you,' your whole shit is made of glass.
[Snippet of Nicki Minaj's "Right Thru Me" plays]
I draw back, I'm a Brooklyn Borough bitch,
Rep for my borough bitch,
Never been the type to have beef and try to settle shit.
I ride out 'til the wheels fall off
And my niggas squeeze 'til the last shell go off.
Fuck your whole team, all I see is a bunch of weirdos.
You's a airhead bitch... scarecrow.
Ha, ain't nothing old 'bout my money bitch. (Ha ha)
This is grown liquid assets.
Benjamin's my daddy, you Young Money bastards!
You and Diddy? Sorry, bunch of swaggerjackers.
I mothered you hos, I should claim you on my income taxes.
Bobby Fisch in the flesh, talk about a great.
So on my next move, I'm yelling checkmate.
I smell a massacre. I'm Charles Manson,
You don't stand a chance wit her.
Jeffrey Dahmer, you lookin' like lunch to me.
'Bout to kill all you bitches like Ted Bundy.
Leave your whole head red like Peg Bundy.
You're hilarious, thanks for all the laughs -
You're garbage, so I'm taking out the trash.
You, shit on me? C'mon baby girl...
Ain't enough ass shots in the world!
You're a nuisance, you'll probably steal my new shit
But you could never fuck with me, so chuck it up, deuces.
All around the world I ball like a ball team.
I stack chips, call me Mrs. Raw Steam.
Trix is for kids, silly rabbit, you're my offspring.
Kim more anticipated than a LeBron ring.
(Lil Kim mocking Nicki Minaj): "I mean I know... I know you guys asked me if Roman's Revenge was about Kim... and no, I, it's not about Kim... Actually if Kim thought it was about her, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, I apologize, Kim. I don't know, I just had temporary insanity... I lost my teeth and my mind..."