
mma make it juicy for you
haha..
Shit.
Marley i be ya!!
Shout out too short!
Ummhmm.... Im goin in
(Lil Wayne)
I gotta bitch name Keisha she a real dick pleaser,
but shawty fron Cuba still workin on a visa,
her girlfriend Lisa met her in porta rica
how she dont suck dick but expectin me to eat her?
I gotta bitch name Keisha she a real dick pleaser
I gotta bitch name Keisha she a real dick pleaser
I got a bitch named Keisha,
She a real dick pleaser,
But shawty from cuba, still workin on her visa,
Her girlfriend Lisa, met her in puerto rico,
How she dont suck dick but expectin me to eat her,
That hoe crazy, man you dont wanna meet her,
But her homegirl Nita,
Swallow cum by the liter,
She look good in boy shorts and a beater,
But this other girl Quita way sexier than Nita,
I aint lyin She-the, hottest bitch heater,
But im a fucken freezer, yea, imma fucken leave her
Yea, im a fucken eagle, flyer and deeper,
Smoke like a cahiba, your hoe give me cerebral,
Now get low and touch your toes for my people,
And if you aint fucken them, then you aint fucken me either,
You think your man hot?, well fuck it, me either
Heard I got guap, wanna kick it like fifa,
Everyday Christmas, cuz im smoking that Reefer,
Keep a lot of bitches like Queen Latifah,
I am southern land not Keefer
Y-M-E for
Young money Entertainment
Run dummy, finna bang it
You want beef then my money will arrange it,
I am not fucken finna aim it, but that nine watch out for me when im angry yeah
Hollygrove biatch, sloppy like joe you better go get GI,
All my guns knee high, m-o-n-e-y,
Thats what I re-ly on im gone,
He high, yep im three high,
Im just schooling these fucks like Devry
College institution, finals and confusion,
Stop with your excuses
Hip hop I am seducing,
Beat ya like producers, eat you like produce,
Man I fuck your girl till her pussy got no juice,
Now she cant produce,
So you wont be needing that baby,
Cuz all you really need is Wheezy F Baby
(DJ drama)
Alright let me vent for a minute
See the problem I got with the game is,
There are no gatekeepers in hip hop,
Who is letting these whack niggas in?,
I mean can someone please put a combination lock on the door,
And stop giving out the code, god damn!
Hey millz show em how its done
(Jae Millz)
I knew this freak named Timmy from around the way
He used to go to catholic school back in the day,
Now she strippin in Sues for a stack a day,
But she bring it all to daddy so thats okay,
I got bitch named Lola, true dick smoker,
part-time broker late nights she work at strokers,
her cousin name Mocah got a insane spine,
but its crazy cause i f**ked em both at the same time,
I even gotta bitch in the bay name Jessica,
I swear she might give the best mouth in America,
Vanessa gotta attitude, but her ass meaner,
and she remind me of this hoe I used to f**k name Sabrina,
ugly lil thang from the home of the ravens.
I only kept around cause her ass was amazin.
Tiffany and Emily my bonifed sluts,
when i cum they touch tongues and share dat nut
Gotta white chick down in Florida name Sasha,
n my momma her head golden like an Oscar,
and I met her through tasha,
at the condo she let me f**k her on the washa.
September nigga so you know he nasty
and if she nasty, we do the nasty...
now I tell a bitch like
this you gotta take 10 dicks for you meet the president, young money!
(Gangsta Grillz Bastad)
(Lil Wayne)
I know this one honey
I call her track star, cuz when we f**k she run from me,
And im hella fly, and her dude dumb bummy,
And I dont get girls, I make her get one for me,
My weed real plumy, and real gummy, and
My flow is harder than an anvil honey,
Shoot these niggas with the handheld honey,
I paper chase f**k stand still money,
Niggas kill with me and kill for me,
best believe we ridin if the fan belt runnin,
Leave a motherf**ker just layin there bloody,
Im from the dirty and I make it rain, damn thats muddy,
She just want to be my cutty buddy,
And on these tracks I go nutty butty
What it dizzle, is you or is you aint my baby,
Baby?