
Thanks to jhsantos@sol.com.br for these lyrics.  That's DJ Evil E, Islam creates the beats 1-2, 1-2-1-2-3, I'm the emcee called Ice-T You girls look so sexy I wish you all were up here with me You drive me crazy with those big ole butts Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!  Tonight,I wanta make this real clear,dear No time to remove our fears I've no time to whisper in your ear I just wanta get near Get butt naked and roll around Move our bodies like up and down Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Come on,you know you wanta do it,too Do that stuff that your mama call smut!  It's good to me,and it's good to you I only speak what's true You say you don't,but I know you do Come on up to my room We'll undress by the light of the moon Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Lay down and I'll caress that butt  I mean real stupid and nasty I know what you wnat,so you don't have to ask me Just lay back and I'll operate Jimbraski will go to work and penetrate Make your move tonight,girl,don't hesitate And then we'll both feel great We both want it,don't make it tough Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!  Homeboys,you know the situation You're trying to rap but they give you frustration When you really wanta say! "Yo baby let's get down" Nose in the air,turnin' you down But you don't,you keep frontin' When all that's really on your mind is what? Kickin' conversation,ain't talkin' 'bout nothin'  "Yo baby L.G.B.N.A.F." That's right if you're a man you want it But my crew got to have it If you're a woman you tease him and flaunt it And after they dog it,I autograph it And if the posse has good luck The SYNDICATE don't lecture We move in a group,seduce and capture Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!  A double X-rated episode ISLAM takes the pictures Get ya illin' in a nude mode And girls,I'm a say EVIL E's gonna get ya Hotel rooms cold explode,when my posse unloads Sex in effect when we're on the road  Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Throw your hands up in the air Safe sex that is,ya gotta be careful with this 88 sex biz If you love sex I know you're out there But that's another song Girls,move your bodies sexy and the brothers will come along Homeboys,move in on that butt and say! Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck!
														   
														   