
Intro:
1, 2, 3, 4... do it!
[talking]:
(laughs) yea, we're all here
Yea Develop baby, yea
what it do like, just look at it
what it is, what it do
[verse 1]:
Ok i step up in this bitch i see em look at me
i must be water the women tryna throw they hook at me
court is now in order baby girl throw dat book at me
I'll do life and make you my wife
i could be ya blanket baby girl I'm your security
underneath the blanket is gonna be a conspiracy
hard for me to manage not takin off ya panties but I'll do life if i touch his wife
but she wanna get right so we do it all night till the woman is like...
on my mic. its a 1, 2, check check for a sound bite... right
now she ready to spit if she could swallow her pride then she swallow on this .
i tell her hop up inside that murcielago, hit the radio and
*pump that bass!*
[verse 2]:
the rims may offend you on the shit i slide into
fuck you, send you to the desert tell ya be cool
(clear throat) hold all the pistols roll by the cops and
*pump that bass*
sittin in the corner lookin
like a owner talkin to the owner yea my price blown up.
all in the strip club never get a boner
only get hard for doe!
I'm homer and you're a simpson and I'm pimp-son
and she ain't commin to the crib till her friend come.
we gettin money over here you need to get some
out comes the cold still from my income.
outside where we take ya if ya mouth run.
southside where I'm from thats where ya bitch come.
yea baby i pedal tha floors and im letting the doors up when I *pump that bass*
[verse 3]:
what you know about jeans from japan hand made with the
brand on the seem of the pants and the steam in the
seam of the pants also and the steam got a beam also,
don't go nowhere got plenty more here and there
the shoes i wear you don't own a pair
get it clear like a mirror
that's why ya girlfriend stare,
just been elected the president's here
cheer cheers... tangeringe, tequila, no beers
yea i like this here
with ciara on the track thats music to my ears
thats when i go to tha store and i ask for a philly
if they don't have a philly i ask for a swisher
if they don't have a swisher i ask for...
that's when i ask for... thats when i ask for a dutcheyyy...
i ask for a dutcheyyy... they got to have a dutcheyyy...
i don't smoke backwoods, i just smoke dutcheyyys
[talking]:
and mama over there say she wan' fuck me
but, but naw she can't touch me
cuz my girl is lookin way good