
Raekwon:
[yaknowhatimsayin'? you on the corners and shit. ya know? just gotta be on
Something. hands down shit. yaknowhatimean? just keepin' ya eyes and ears open
At all times while we rhyme and shine. for my dedicated niggas who love this
Shit. doin' this like this. word up. what's the phenomenon? carry on don.
Tranquilizin'.]
Verse one: raekwon
Ay yo, movin' on these niggas like they old soul, bro
You know how we go, we go shift 'em out like paleco
Fine, proteges off top connectin' like a buildin'
Four dollar whylin' niggas buildin', savin' the children
Come on now, check out the view like a oceanfront
Slow motion in cunt, takin' what we want
You know a kid asiatic, holdin' power like a craftmatic
You like your fish fried or battered, that day he ratted
Check out the movies from guyana, just eatin' in atlanta
Makin' some pirate moves out of savannah
Yeah, rock them niggas like jewelry
Arabics movin' blow like aerobics
That's when his nose itch, yeah
That means it's all in effect
I'm hittin' you, I'm hittin' buddha
Island bermuda, send that twenty-shot ruger
Continue to slam and mend you like a venue
Get all up in you, oh yeah your friend too, respect wu
Yeah, keep the faggot niggas watery
Rhyme for rich niggas who supported me, shorty pussy extorted me
So it's a science now, rza, cuttin' they pockets like scissors
Cindafella found him a wally slipper
Splashin' ends in the glass benz in nevada
Flashin' gems, eight-and-a-half tim state robber
All my life been on some foul shit besides kidnap a child shit
Get on some foul and proud shit
Cheatin' many koreans bein' all that I can be an'
Put down on thirty keys an' get to fleein'
Light up a tree an'
Don't be breezin' like a blowdryer
Yo, you's a liar like jeremiah gamin' on the flyer
Yo, but buryin' niggas is carryin'
Thug drug marryin', hittin' marion off at the clarion
All my spanish niggas love us
We movin' like rush ya, bone crush ya
At the flick, stick to usher
Broke niggas, spot 'em like cascade
In the street masquerade
Faster blade