
We are at war with the universe, the sky is fallin'
And the only thing that can save us now is sensitivity and compassion
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down
Yeah, some say tragedy is hard to get over
But sometime that tragedy means it's over, soulja
From the academy league of rollers
I deny bein' down, though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong, I prove them wrong
I ain't doin' nothin' but movin' on, let the truth be known
But they talk that freedom matters
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn
I work at the corner store, we all got problems, problems
No one's gon' fly that low, no one's gon' save us now
How you feel? You're not alone, we're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more, we just can't overcome, no
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I supposed to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
I knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around, the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong, ask me what's right
And I'ma tell you what's life
And did you know I lost everythin'? But I ain't the only one
First came the hurricane then the mornin' sun
Excuse me, if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They try to tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city under water, some people still floatin'
And they wonder why black people still votin'
'Cause your president's still chokin'
Take away the football team, the basketball team
Now, all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beatin' heart and a wish and a prayer, let's pray
These friends they come and go but I got family, family
These kids, so fast they grow, they learn, so quickly, oh
But there's nowhere to go, but there's future, future
They'll make this seem so low and we can't overcome, oh
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I supposed to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
And if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessin' to spare
Yes, I know the process has so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
'Cause I came from the projects straight to success
And you're next, so try, they can't steal your pride, it's inside
Then find it and keep on grindin'
'Cause in every dark cloud there's a silver linin', I know
Yeah, yeah, yeah
See right now we just ridin' on love and shinin' in dark
We ain't tryna do nothin', be at the heart
We need love, that's all now, that's all
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I goin' to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I goin' to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?