
Now see, the one thing I like about the niggas
Is that they can fess up to one of they boys
That they been sleepin' wit' the same chick and laugh about it
But see, a woman, could never admit to another woman
That she been sleepin' wit' her man 'cuz if that ever happened to me
I would call your house and be like, yo
Don't you gotta a man? Why you fuckin' wit' mine?
See, I been through bad times, get yo' mind off mine's
You must be lonely, why you messin' wit' me?
But it won't be easy to get my baby
You don't know who you messin' with
Most of them leave with they car doors bent
I'm so pissed, you gon' make me flip, hello? Hello? Who dis? It's Mo'
I'mma teach you not to touch my shit, for real? Hello?
I be callin' his house, when you're not around
Don't make me warn you, you know how I get down, down
Somebody told me but I ain't trippin' off you, no
If you were doin' your thang, he'd still be wit' you
You don't know who you messin' with
Most of them leave with they car doors bent
I'm so pissed, you gon' make me flip
Hello? Hello? Hello? You know who this is bitch, yeah
I'mma teach you not to touch my shit
Yo, who dis for real, man, hello? You know who it is
I can't believe you would ever do that, hello? Hello? What?
Can't you show me some respect, yo who dis for real, man
Is it 'cuz you jus' a reject, yo, this is Mo', this is Mo'
Gotta keep your ass in check
You playin' a little bit too much, you know um sayin'?
Yo, this ain't no game, this is not a game
Oh, ok, yeah, what? You on some real bullshit now
You know, you know what?
Why don't you just come to my house, bitch, you know?
Yeah, I come through, yo, where you live at?
Ask your nigga where I stay at
Please, he ain't got nutin' to do with this
He know, he ain't got nutin' to do with this
He know, ask him where I live at, aight?
You on that same stuff you was on last year
When I had to come through there last year, what
And I'd do it again, 'cuz I want, I, I got comin'
You ain't keepin nutin' in check
And keep him from around my house, bitch
Please, I'mma beat that ass, you know I will
You don't know who you messin' with
Most of them leave with their car doors bent
Blow out you like I'mma air vent
Hello? Trick, you know who this is, dont' front
I'ma teach you not to touch my shit
Yeah, I'mma teach you not to touch my shit
You done took it too far, I'mma hop in my car and I'mma you up bitch
You done took it too far, I'mma hop in my car and I'mma you up bitch
You done took it too far, I'mma hop in my car and I'mma you up bitch
You done took it too far
'Cuz I'm that chick yo, that same chick
But I ain't wit' playin' that game shit
Start callin' that name shit
And I'ma get on that same shit
That new shit, that call your crew shit
That what you wanna do shit
That boy is yours, keep that nigga
Beat my ass? Prove it
You been suckin' his dick, tastin' my clit
Just a side chick, on the side bitch
I'm the prize bitch, keep it silent, don't make me violent
You be dialin' 911 to tell the family
Around yo' crew, you's a bad bitch, yo ass be talkin' mad ish
Toe to toe shoot the five, girl, you get that ass kicked
What you think I'm gamin'? Shit is real, I ain't playin'
No more 'Have my baby', yo, I got yo' mom's prayin'
It's gonna get risky, fuck wit' Missy
I'mma shoot you where your ribs be, so you can feel me
Ain't it real B? And you filthy and you mildy
Not appealin', drum roll
Uh oh, you done done it now
Uh oh, you done done it now, she's mad, what?
She's mad, I'mma let them two girls fight
While I'm out