
Little girl: daddy, what's it gonna be like in the year 2000? 
Dad: well sweetheart, for your sake I hope it'll all be peaches &
Cream.
But I'm afraid the end time is near. the cataclysmic apocalypse
Refered
To in the scriptures of every hole book know to mankind. it will be an
Era fraught with boundless greed & corruption, where global monitary
Systems disintegrate, leaving brother to kill brother for a grain of
Over
Cook rice. the nations of the civilized world will collapse under the
Impressive weight of parasitic political conspiracies which remove all
Hope & optimism from their once faithfull citizens. around the globe,
Generations of polluters will be punished for their sins. unsheilded
By the o-zone they have successfully depleted, left to bake in the
Cering naked rays of light. wholesale assassinations served to
Destabilize
Every remaining government, leaving the starving & wicked to fend
For themselves. bloodthirsty renegade cyborgs created by tax dodging
Corporations reek havok. pissed off androids tired of being slaves to
A godless & gutless system, where the rich get richer & the poor get
Fucked over and out, unleash total world wide destruction by means
Of nuclear holocaust, annihilating the terrified masses, leaving in
Its
Torturous wake nothing but vicious, cannibalistic, mutating,
Radiating,
And horribly dis-figured hordes of satanic killers, ? begged on
Revenge,
But against home? , there are so few left alive. starvation reins
Supreme,
Forcing unlucky survivers to eat anything & anyone in their path.
Massive earthquakes crack the planets crust like a hollow egg shell,
Causing unending volcanic eruptions. creatures of the seven seas,
Unable to escape the certain death upon land, boil in their liquid
Prison.
Disease then circles the earth, plagues & viruses with no known cause
Or cure laying waste to whatever draws breath, and human-kind having
Proven itself to be nothing more than a race of ruthless scavengers,
Fall
Victim to merciless attacks at the hands of interplanetary alien
Tribes who
Seek to conquer our charred remains. this is extinction level event,
The
Final world front. and there is only, one, year, left.
Little girl: wow, that's cool, I can't hardly wait!
Dad: you don't have to, beacause here it is..........(echos out)
Busta rhymes: callin all live niggaz!!!!
Callin all live bitches!!!!
We got a job for y'all on planet earth
Flipmode world domination in progress..
Mutha fuckas!!!!!........