
Shook Hands Lyrics
Yeah- HA!HA! 
(See I love this shit)
You see what the problem is these's bitches dont know me poke theses got damn Ho's here we go agin its time to let it go we bout to phone it in you bitches aint comfortable in their own skin 
no matter how you try you could never be Kim 
(Verse 1)
Take it back to that Quiet Storm
don't come without your firearm 
4 alarm blaze I blaze bitches with that 1-2 gauge 
put them in the box, in the grave broke, cut it or weed it 
how yall bum bitches conceited? please!
washed up careers they pleaded 
face it bitch ya done there (echo you done there)
lean back you had ya run there 
as far as the bitches gettin busy I'm number 1 here 
yeah! 
[CHORUS]
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn 
cross that Bridge tuck ya goods in 
like the Queen of Harlem 'cept its BK way 
makin sure niggas eat every day 
(Verse 2)
Don't make me put a hit out tikitack 
these rappin' always spit out 
put your self in a sticky sitiuation and GET OUT!
ride or die if they my niggas then im stickin with them 
any rats we gonna kiss them like my nigga did them Uh!
[chorus] x2
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn 
cross that Bridge tuck ya goods in 
niggas get shot locked down wear I'm from stick ups turn to shoot outs niggas you better run 
(Verse 3)
Never thought niggas would tell {aint this a bitch} ass niggas scared of jail
FED C.O.'s givin me head in my cell 
makin my bid go easy recieve mail 
back at my best, skin tight dress nigga 
Its Sharks in the water come git your life vest 
or get ate up A's to the S's we K'd up 
wipe a nigga out for every thing while he laid up GIMME THAT!
[Chorus/Bridge] 
 
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn 
cross that Bridge tuck ya goods in 
Niggas get shot, stabbed up & get bucked (yeah!)
you broke bitches aint got a dollar, go get fucked 
for your rent money, too much mileage is no good 
I mean I fucked around, but you fucked the WHOLE HOOD
you bitches still boostin' running round wit' credit Kim like Cleo about to set it off, and let it off (BLAWW!!) 
[Chorus]x2
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn 
cross that Bridge tuck your goods in 
niggas get shot, locked down wear I'm from,
stick ups turn to shoot outs niggas you better run 
(Verse 4)
Order marble for all you broads 
Richy, Rich-McCaully Caulk (Kim)
bitches I pay the cost  , whole life I took care of my dogs until the indictment everbody aint stand tall, thats when the bullshit start and the team fell apart and you find out the bitches is the one's with the heart HO ass niggas scared of a punk ass bid, still wind up gettin pocked thats what ya PUNK ASS get SNITCH!
[Chorus]
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn cross that bridge tuck ya goods in
gangsta in my skirt straight eight in my purse all you bitches get murcked and peace lay in the dirt, all you clowns lay around the way wit dem hope you aint around when them rounds get sprayed at them (BLAWW!) K-I-M its the way I am the way I play you Ho's weren't bread this way BK! BK
(chorus)x2
Aint no Shook Hands in Brooklyn 
croos that Bridge tuck your goods in 
niggas get shot locked down wear im from stick ups turn to shoot outs niggas you better run!
Run! run! run!------------{fin}