
You say ah-one for the trouble, two for the time
Ah-come on y'all, let's rock that...
Duck! or wind up down!!
Fiyah! huh
Pal joey in the house, d square in the house
Check it out
You're stuck up, your luck's up, you fucked up, you're mud up
You can't even jump up, so shut the fuck up
Whattup?  tough love, buck buck bucka
Is all you're gonna hear when krs-one step up
I'm thick like syrup, no, I'm not ? kura? 
Sit back and relax and watch the krs era
No I won't let up, because of how I'm set up
I come in the jam with the crazy fresh lyrics so you get up
Mc's get wet up, they met up with atypical
Subliminal, I'm original metaphysical criminal minder
Fighter, petty gangster that flips em neither
I simply grab the mic and make the party get liver
I'ma, rhymer, with a tim-er attack
To your mind, a reminder of what kind of headliner
You'll see, when you come to the show
Blastmaster krs-one, leo -- the lion
Cryin mc's they be cryin
When they sizzle in a big pot grease beggin, "please, please!"
But I'll be efficient and flexin wisdom cuisine
Then dismiss it as kris and kenny
Rockin many, good n plenty
Any mc tests me gets done
Lyrically hung, I surgically remove his tongue
Lyrics by krs-one
Duck! sucker mc's duck!
Bo! duck down!
Sucker mc's duck!
Duck! sucker mc's duck down!
I don't battle to lose or win, I battle
To ruin your whole career, yo, watch what you doin
I'm permanent punk, like a metallic marker
Krs-one, but you'll call me mr. parker
A pity I'm k-r, you ain't no superstar
Ha ha hee hee, blastmaster krs-one be
Ripping up mc's with their meaningless words, y'know
There's more wit, to one of my turds of shit
You ain't shit, you never was shit
So I spit, on your number one hit, now quit!
Leave the poetry, it's just too strong for thee
Maybe we should rethink the strategy see
Poetry I speak, fluently I think youse a sucker
Cause the only word you know is motherfucker
Yo, you don't see a whole race in bondage
No, you grab the microphone and feed em garbage
Yo, everything about me is fresher than fresher
Than fresher than fresh, of course it's krs
Flashing lyrics, metaphysics, unlike you idiots
Be doing, I'm pursuing, chewing your whole crew
And what you feel like doin, your face they be ungluin
Like a gift, don't step to krs, you're dismissed!
Duck! duck!
Sucker mc's duck down!
Duck! bo!
Ree-winnnnnd!!
Duck! bo!