
Damn, it seems that always is somethin with the fuckin TV, man! 
I'm sorry! 
Motherfuckin' cable off 
Shit, I make it..., hey, bring me somethin to drink 
Yeah, the motherfuckin Crazy was to do, I don't worry 
Damn, ain't shit on this motherfucker 
Oh shit, what the fuck is this? 
*show intro starts to play* 
Hey, motherfuckers, welcome back to the 20 dolla Sack Pyramid 
I'm your host motherfuckin O.G. Henny Loug 
And we're back with our two final contestants
Duck motherfuckin Mouth and Bootny Lee Farnsworth 
They'll be playin for a 20 dolla Sack of Indo 
and a 35 dollar gift certificate to the Compton swap meet 
Alright y'all beotches got 30 seconds to answer five motherfuckin questions 
Lonnie, you're ready wit that clock? 
Well let the games begin 
Alright, man, we got to do this shit, man 
Hell yeah, man, fuck that the whole neighborhood is watchin 
and everybody's watchin 
We can do this shit right now 
We gotta do this shit right now, O.K., you ready? 
Hell yeah man, c'mon! 
Hey man, you ready? 
I'm ready 
I'm ready, let's go! 
*clock is ticking* 
Indo! uhh ... uhhh ... Caby! .. uhhh Booter! 
Shit, shit I used to sell ... uhhhm 
Hocus Pocus 
Oh, things that people smoke! 
Right! That's it that's it
Oh, oh fuck me in the ass 
Oh, Oh, step to me and let me suck your dick 
Oh, things that Tim Dawg was sayin 
Yeah, that's it right now 
Oh yeah! 
C'mon keep goin, man, hurry up! 
Uhh, uhh, VCRs, oh, TVs and shit 
All them sox and shit 
Oh, that box in your room and shit 
Oh, Oh, I shit came up on loot! 
Thats it, Thats it right there 
Yeah, that's it c'mon hurry up, man, hurry up 
Uhh, En Vogue, oh, Halle, Halle, Halle Berry
Shit, bitches? oh, bad bitches? 
Yo, uhh, your Auntie Clarisse
Oh, bitches I wanna fuck 
That shit right there, that shit 
C'mon, hurry up we got five seconds
O.K., O.K., oh, oh, I know Doc
Dre gonna do my music and shit, uhh, uhh 
Snoop and me, we go to the swap meet 
Oh! oh, I know, I know! 
Things that niggaz be sayin to get the pussy! 
Thats it, thats it right there! 
That shit, That shit 
Gimme my motherfuckin weed, Gimme my motherfuckin weed! 
It's alright, baby! 
Gimme my weed, gimme my 35 dollars to go to the motherfuckin swap meet!  Biittch!  Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh ...
I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money!!!!
* show theme song outro *