
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin (15x)
::Missy e::
i'mma shake my tambourine, 
my a-ass be jumpin like a trampoline. See the puddy cat?
a little pretty fat. and tell them boys to come close while you push  back. Us girls look cute shakin our stuff, them boys standin back lookin at us, shakin! shakin! now!
let me break it down. When me and eve comin through u better watch out.
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
::Fabolous::
(jiggle it baby)
go head baby
I flash screen till they say go head baby. your ass take u there,
u bet ta go head baby!
u can b the next jennifer lopez, maybe! And we can be cleaner then the post threads baby.
lean on these Niggas like a dopehead baby. them no car niggas gets no bread baby. Do it say stupid on your forehead baby? since I got with L.A.  
I aint gotta check them bills 
God-damn, this is how bedlum feels.
By the way I be lambourginin
and have chicks shakin like they tambourinin.
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
::Eve::
yea im back in ya ear but this time I got the remix
we made it even better this time can u believe this?
catch em in the club when this shit come on
hear the scream in the buildin this they favorite song
cant stop and we ain't goin-try
u can watch while I shake cuz I know what u like
from the front to the back got them shakin they hands
even thugs 2 steppin thats as much as they dance. And yes its alrite see em gettin loose now. Anything
could happen over bottle of the goose now. Know its crazy how we like to play, I got em ready for it baby even (up to go to) Sandro pay!
::Swizz beatz::
im so clean, lis to me
shawty on the floor shake-her damn tambourine. She all on the floor give me some more. Told her i could show attention never seen before. Told her I could make her back it up-upon the wall.
I told her I was freaky freaky freaky on the floor.
she thought that i was skinny so she thought I couln't hold her
then I throw her damn big-ass on my shoulder, I told her!
Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin
(Like this, like that)
(to the left, to the right)"