
Yes sir! They can't stop me!
Even if they stopped me, ha ha ha, yeah
I'm on it, ooh I'm on it
I'm so on it, however you want it
You can get it tonight hoe and all night hoe
I get the beat from, Mistro, a fucking right hoe
I might go crazy on these niggas I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in the nigga house and shoot his grandmother up, what!
What? I don't give a motherfuck get cha baby kidnapped
And ya baby motherfucked
It's Tha Carter III bitch, better put ya supper up
Hollygrove, I throw it up, like I'm tryna lose my gut
Fuck is up, beat him up, like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it
Shit, get on my level, you can't get on my level
You will need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
However I'm better if not now, then never
Don't you ever fix ya lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick
Bitch swallow words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches I'd've been in that casket
According to the doctor I could have died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches like Magic
Abracadabra, I'm up like Viagra
I just do this shit for my click like Adam Sandler
I control hip hop and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me! Bitch, watch me!
Bitch, watch me, but they cannot see me
Like Hitler it's the New Orleans Nightmare
Money so old it's growing white hair
Young Money baby, yeah we right here
I'ma make sure we ball till we fall like tears
And mama don't cry, ya son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put her in the Hills
Yeah, when I was fourteen I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was fourteen I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough we did exactly what I say
I told my girl when you fuck me, better fuck me good
'Cause if another girl could she gon' fuck me good
No sitting at the table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart Scott
Fresh out the ESPN shop
And when Sports Center popping, every thing stopping
But you can't fool me I know what you watching
Me! You watch me
You watch me 'cause I be
Weezy, must see TV
C3!
Nigga that's me and I'm me
I'm me, times three
So retreat or suffer defeat
I'm back, 3 Peat!
C3!