
[Hook]
All these slimy, grimy women
Earth until to make livin. Its so sad, its so sad, its so sad, its so saaaddd!
All these slimy, grimy women
World and women takes a livin. Its so sad, its so sad, its so sad, its so saaaddd!
[Krayzie Bone]
I got alot of niggaz problem that callin babies mama's
they be alwayz drumin, cuz they alwayz callin
draggin me in and out of the co- fu man
how much is enough to support you man?
I got a nigga in the jam, I am
Sittin in the cell with no bail but I got cash
man I tell ya'll women
playin the game, worthin children to make a livin
she don't need a 9 to 5 cuz she work in the system, bitches
grind me nasty, ol' wicked ass bitches
sceamin and tryin sceez on a real nigga
home avaded ransom and tryin to get some defense
and before I give you wrath Ms. 
I go to jail in chances (Yeah!)
You gold-diggin hoez did nuthin (makin),
na-da your lucky if I even na-daaa
Its so sad, its so sad, its so sad, its so saaaddd!
[Hook]
[Wish Bone]
Betta watch it boy!
slicky bitches, grimy bitches
down for tickets thinkin all these bitches, nigga listen!
hoez will get you fucked up
someone like to cut shit
someone think they smarking
I beat bitches, now ya lock up
and its fucked up, shit we got to have that ass
and theres no love, mommies just be at that stash
tryin to get me pop one in and now she got my ass 
for 18, she got my cash
now the people in my business gotta pay up (pay up)
oh its on, I'm gone, while the slut lays up
but naw, naw dawg I can see myself bein broke-a-trippin
found a broad dawg
its a runnin-back, if its mine keep attack
1-2-3-4 baby daddy pass mistakes
gotta pay for that shit, I'm bout to carpet ass kids
let me catch anotha nigga leave back BITCH!
[Hook]
[Layzie Bone]
See I was caught up on the side of the tracks
with the roaches and the rats (rats)
big grimy bitches, roaches, niggaz with the gats
got the ravi out the kitchen
nigga livin is a gamble bitches 
settin niggaz up with a baby mama scandalous
women these dayz worst of fiends in the ace
tryin to collect all the well-fare with about 10 babies
shady, shikes the women they might like me
see a nigga with money and they think they might try me (I doubt it)
keep it movin baby I'm the one to keep it pinned
no matter how you fix your hair or how you shake the dareair 
I won't fuck it, train not to love it
she won't cut into my budget with kids playin the puppets
Its a god dam change, America the great, givin a nigga a cake, 
cuz my pockets ain't straight
look nigga, if you can't take care of ya kids
cuz they set up grimy bitches tryin to use them to live, nigga!
[Hook x3]