
Clear..
Yeah..
Ahaha.. 
Yeah its official
yeah..yeah yeah..
hey Ziggy i told them neggaz(( oh Yah ))
They wouldnt believe me tho
I do this shit tho
-Verse 1-Young Jeezy-
Its 3:45 She pulled up to my house
Grabbed my strap, Got the door 
with a blunt in my mouth (haha)
Say im 'bout to put the smack down
You know ill put the smack down
and (??) put the smack down
She Park in the background
look at me im standing tall
she knows how to keep it up
We just left the club
so you know we both drunk as fuck
30 min in.. secound wind
Call it cardioooooooo
i go up and down round and round SUPER MARIO!
Oh wee ohh wee she busting like a uzzy
Im riding that Zazuki
She Wetting Such a Couzy
call it in ..Coat 10
Get ready for the water Floowwwww
Number 16 Terr it up
-Choruz-Trey Songz-
What can i say ((i aint lying))
Aint no easy way to say this ((yahh..))
and i dont know if you can handel it ((I dont know if you can handel It))
But im thinking about taking it ((taking it there))
Cuz thats the only way you aint gett it ((and youu..))
you lay around with them Boyz up town ((Laying around))
And i've been thinking about it all day long ((all day long shawtii))
And that two think i cant handel it ((but her..))
But im think i might end up taking it..
-Verse-2-Young Jeezy
Im thinking about it , then by recieving..
She can get it right back up , just give her a reason
Any given season Winter,spring,Summer,Fall..
I came to see the show baby gon and make the water fall
She know im the one to call when she want that good shit
She know im the one to call when she wants the hood shit
baby looking all good about to meet her all hood
Jump her in the call yah you know the handle all wood
I stepped up in the spot ((spot)) Yah Smelling like a pound
Yah you know im taking nam-..Yee aint got to take em down
Yee aint got to take em off for mehh..Over a ??gresident??
about to be an accident Just call for ??Gressem??
-Choruz-Trey Songz-
What can i say ((i aint lying))
Aint no easy way to say this ((yahh..))
and i dont know if you can handel it ((I dont know if you can handel It))
But im thinking about taking it ((taking it there))
Cuz thats the only way you aint gett it ((and youu..))
you lay around with them Boyz up town ((Laying around))
And i've been thinking about it all day long ((all day long shawtii))
And that two think i cant handel it ((but her..))
But im think i might end up taking it..
 
-Verse-3-Young Jeezy
I dont know if you can handle this..Know if you can handle mehh
First im gonna star right here where your man shud be
I dont know if you can handle this..Know if you can handle Young
If yee aint never had a real Negga, Better get you one
come thru on some thug shitt(( thug shitt )) 
Gotta respect shit
Yahh i come thru on some thug shitt ((thug shitt)) 
Gotta Accept it
she know that im never shy most time we Probly high
Kid licked the kitty catt Yah gon need an Alliby
-Choruz-Trey Songz-
What can i say ((i aint lying))
Aint no easy way to say this((aint no easy way to Tell you this))
and i dont know if you can handel it ((I dont know if you can handel It))
But im thinking about taking it ((taking it there))
Cuz thats the only way you aint gett it ((and youu..))
you lay around with them Boyz up town ((Laying around))
And i've been thinking about it all day long ((Ohh..))
And that two think i cant handel it ((ohh...but her..))
But im think i might end up taking it..
There ..there there there there Take ..Ing..It..
There ..there there there there..AHH
(Fading/Repeat)
And How you doing Jeezyy..x3
Written By:YunG DeFF