
Hey nemo
This what we do baby
Its real
E check me out man
Thake this back with ya
Its nothing, Its nothing
Forgive me when Im stopping the rythym
Coppin tha eyes, poppin whena I feel eh the rythym
Feelin to kill em
Willin to thrill em and hand dealin
Spit em and hit em and chill em with wrong
Is it forgive me
When im up shiny things and workin tha benz
And I need talkn the endz
Im hurtn friendz
And down again we talkn the endz
Catastrophe, workin on half the beat
Runnin with tweens
Sippin on corona and gin
My purpose and burst
Strippin while we hittin the curb
Its on again
Hitten the Versace lean
The oxytene
got my feeling proper man
Why tell her
Will it pull em in the upper spot
The mazzlebark
So get it keep the party hot
The cat aint wrong
Said he called Al Capone
To carry drone , so let me know
We tryna say, my Niggas are back
The figures are bigger
The desert eagle, the trigger react
You outta your mind
So let me get into my slo mo
If the bitch cocoa
And she dancing on the flow like whoe(like whoe)
Get on the ass with the money then she can drop it to the flow
Im in the zone like so
Money in the air like its raining
I aint spinning shit
What ya name is (what ya name is)
Baby what you sippin on , full grown
Come and get into my moutherfucking zone
Take a shot of patrone and you can let me take you home
I got whatever I signed
And we can Gone get ghost(gone get ghost x 7)
-[Layzie Bone]-
I put the lamborghini ride outside
you and I up in the ride so fly
you and I get close Lest go
get close get close get close.
You and I lets go get those
get those went by to your friends
say goodby to the benz thats ride
we been doing the most doing the most
I meen we thugging tha most doing the most
I meen we thuggin tha most
Baby I dont need no balls to brag.
But I'm the Realist mutherfucker that the game can have.
Now while you posing up shaking on the dancefloor moving.
I been tried make a movie call claim that ass.
You Feeling the rhythm, Like its a hellefied mission
your a grown ass women, You dont need permission.
You body is twisting, In your ear just listening.
Wanna roll with a G, And show position.
Your Body is banging, Youse a fine individual
drop it to the flo, Wanna make you get fysical.
How you move to the rhythm, On the beat makes it looks so sweat
till your tong get lyrical, Here you go girl your a miracle.
Make a nigga wanna put you in a video.
Lil lay and AK babyhhhhhh, Put it down from the land to Chicago.
Anything that you need, From the pills to the weed,
From the henn to the gin on me. Ya duck you ain't gotta wear butta damn thing.
Gos I do big things, And its all on me ya duck.
Still waters runn Deep, So do my puckets and thats why see love it.
And I keep it popping, And I keep it rocking, Like kid on that kiddycat till i'm buckit.
After I get it, I wanne dismissed, You can style on mokit if you kiss it, kiss it.
Dam lil nigga visit, capt so beautiful and exquisit. Every chick a nigga wanna hang with,
Got a porturican speaking my language.
she calling me poppi poppi, Yelling dont stop whyle i'm still banging it.
Baby what you sippin on , full grown
Come and get into my moutherfucking zone
Take a shot of patrone and you can let me take you home
I got whatever I signed
And we can Gone get ghost(gone get ghost x 7)