
Verse one:
Magnificent rhymer, Ill beat designer
If they ask you if I'm def. Don't front and say kinda
Merciless. Meticulous. So fresh it's rediculous
Raised in the heart of Los A-N-G-E-L-E-S
King word connector. Vocal projector
Your girl tried to jock me. I had to reject her
Always adventurous voice some say is sensuous
I'm on the mic so I think I better mention this
I don't like Gucci, Fila, Louie or Fendi
Those are fads and I ain't trendy
But wheter your names Lucy, Terry, Laura or Cindy
Ice got beef and this ain't Wndy's
Bust allmenn move while I'm talkin'
Sucker rappers I be stalkin'
When they see me on the street with my homeboy walkin'
They slow down, turn around and ask was that Ice ?
Then they see me cold countin' my cashi
Rhyme pays ----!!
Verse 2:
Moves must be busted, girls can't be trusted
I looked at your lady and I was disgusted
Came into the party just to rock the place
And your big zombie lookin' freak still won't get out of my face
I don't mean to diss her, but do you kiss her ?
Look at her hips, she's got those crazy blisters
Body that smells like the New York mets
Arm pits all nappy packed full of sweat
I hope this something that you never forget
Tie that freak outside next time you come in a set
Because my jams be crazt packed with all fly ladies
I'm talkin' def girlies and I don't mean maybe
The way I rhyme no one will ever slay me
And I ain't lyin' rhyme do pay me !
Rhyme pays ---- !!
Verse three:
I'm notorious, I'm infamous. Like a snake I'm venomous
For those who may diss I think you shoul consider this
I can make a  rhyme comlicated as a puzzle
Dangerous and as violenl as a  pit bull in a muzzle
But this record is for radio s-t-e-r-e-o
It not to be banned or for some underground mix show
My hearts in my pen every time I begin
Sometimes my lyrics go crazy and I just can't control em my friend
I try to edit what I'm rasppin' about 
But I can't write polite my anger just jumps out !!
Perpetrators in the business claim their hard as hell
Talkin' that gangster shit, known they're soft as jell-
Oh! Better chill out before I ill out
And my negative potential just might ne spill out
And then this record won't be gettin' played
I'll save that rap for another day
-Rhyme pays-
Verse four:
The front stage area goes into hysteria
As I start to rhyme and unleash my criteria
Of what is to come during the beat of the drum
And Evil agitates the records with the use of his thumb
Using his intricate moves the rcord stays in the grooves
My body cuts like Jason it's easy to prove
That Evel E is the great. His cuts are real not fake
Not emulated effects or a play back tape
So suckers witness your fate while Evel demonstartes
I'm bout to get off this nic. E. Dog the break - Kick it !
Verse five:
Like me if ya want'a. Diss me if you're gonna
But my jam will still be kickin' on your neighborhood corner
As my bass is max'n out the v.u.s on your box
There'll be no doubt within your mind wheter this MC do rock
Like granite. I planned it. So you could understand it 
If someone's talkin' when I'm rhymin'
Then just say. Damn shut up !
While Ice is breakin' the boy don't be fakin'
Maybe they're just jealous of the dollars I'm makin'
But you're down with me. You know god gifted me
Black kids say I'm trech, white kids say I'm nifty
Spell out my name ya go I-C-E-T
But right now it's time for Evel E to hit me!
Verse six:
Rhyme pays. Buys my food every night and day
Pays my rent my bills I guess I'm doin' ok
But when I say rhyme pays. I mean in different ways
Cause rappin' gets a lot of kids out of the streets each day
It makes me feel real nice when someone likes the Ice
Or some young MC asks me for advice
But there will always be rappers who hate Ice T
Maybe I dogged 'em in a battle or just jealousy
Inevitable situation. Sucker rapper frustration
I rhyme too tough to bite. Too intricate for notation
Syllables jumbled. Competitors crumble as they witness mic attack
And the microphone rumbles like  hurricane
I maim. Sometimes I go insane
Step toward my rep and i inflict the pain !
No shame Ice capital it's my name !!
Damn there I go illin' out again !!!!
-Rhyme Pays-