
Some good-ass weed!
Check it out dog, this game is a motherfuckin' trip man
Word on the streets
Everybody always tryin' to run up on me
Hollerin' about word on the street is dis nigga said this
Man I don't give a fuck about what that nigga said man!
That's what's wrong with you niggaz, you niggaz is just like bitches
Hoe ass niggaz, talk too motherfuckin' much
(Speak)
Study your own, get your own, yahmsayin?
Be independent nigga, beotch!
Yeah
Bitch niggaz
(Bitch niggaz)
Bitch niggaz
(Bitch niggaz)
Bitch ass niggaz
(Beotch)
Bitch niggaz
(Bitch niggaz)
Yeah I'm talkin' about you
(Beotch)
Bitch niggaz
And you too
(Beotch)
Hmm dog
I meet mo' bitch niggaz than hoes, look here
An' I really don't know, but that's just how it go
(Damn)
Dog, so many niggaz like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch
  (Bitch)
Niggaz be talkin' shit
  (Nigga)
Smilin' in my face and then they blast me in the back
  (Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggaz stay strapped from way back, 'cause payback'll
Make niggaz wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game nigga stop that shit
  (Uh, uh)
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit
  (Right)
No mo' talkin', I'm walkin' and I'm poppin' the clip
Glock on the hip, set-trippin' dippin' an' shit
If you act like a bitch nigga you get smacked like a bitch
  (Nigga)
Bitch niggaz
Bitch niggaz
(Bitch niggaz)
These niggaz don't know what the fuck is goin' on
Yo dog, check it kick back
Let me holla at these niggaz for a minute
Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, makin' these punk motherfuckers hate it
Compton is the city I'm from
Can't never leave the crib without a murder weapon
Huh, I can't live my life on broke no mo'
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thang fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, I'm feedin' for that spot
Now peep game on what six-deuce told me
These niggaz after yo' paper, Dr. D.R.E
  (What? )
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin' for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, 'cause a nigga never know
Oh, they'll be around, but when yo' paper get low
Just like Master P said, 'There they go, there day go'
Bitch niggaz uh-huh
{Attention all personnel
Stop scheamin', and lookin hard' audio two
Stop scheamin', and, an', and an', an' , and and lookin' hard}
Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hella bitch nigga
Youse a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
I know yo' type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer my dick be stuck up in yo' windpipe!
Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the old school
Like Romey Rome Homey yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, that wanted to cap you
Every since you was mad doggin' me with that bitch in yo' car
Fool who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff'
Man, you shit on hit, get yo' shit bust, plus
Pistol whipped, cover it up, use yo' bitch's blush
Mr. powder puff yo', bark ain't loud enough, huh
I know chihuahuas that's mo' rah, rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy dogg, diggy doctor plus me
No youse a Busta slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimen's
A bitch nigga!
{Attention all personnel
Stop scheamin', and lookin' hard, audio two
Stop, stop, stop scheamin', and lookin' hard
Stop-stop, ah-op-op-stop sch-sch-scheamin' and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin' an-an-and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin' and lookin' hard
Stop skee-scheamin' and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin' an-an-and
Stop scheamin' and lookin' hard}