
Yo yo yo yo, we, Push Weight with Ice Cube's in a cup
Amerikkka's Most Wanted, police pin it up, [Incomprehensible]
Thug passion brotha what, bloatin' gettin' a girl pregnant
Off a finger aah, doc da code name, murgin' proclaims off the lot
Yeah, I'm takin' full blame, I'm hard headed cat fitted for rhymes
I touch up your shaper when Doc spit on the
What it is my brotha, gonna live my brotha
How you live my brotha, real civilized brotha
I'm not Fryed Jaul when I walk the streets
I rock wit' da 4 CDs, not a force
Chin checks in effect, catch red
Put him in a yokes snap his neck
Mr. M.E.F, the bigheads is at it again
Bone shattering, beat battering me, scattering like roaches
Blessin' with the over dosage of black black
Say goodbye you got no class, ship sinkin' fast
Bon Voyage, see ya at the bottom when I spot um
Grab him by the throat and say aahum, I got um
Wassup my brotha? Aiyyo wassup my brotha?
Aiyyo wassup my sis? Aiyyo wassup now sis?
I got whacha need and you got what I need
Got da Maaad Maaad Crew up in da house
Yo, wassup my brotha? Wassup my brotha?
Aiyyo wassup now sis? What up now sis?
You got what I need, I got what you need
Got da Maaad Maaad Crew up in da house
Yo yo, doggs it's my Fort Doc
Shot wit vaults until death news can talk, cripple kids can walk
My style will show guns what it is to spark
Hit a clear the park 20 miles apart
Doc is like bad weather reports but I'll walk
If your not from the triboro, story settled
I pack Gordy metal for those who act fool
Big fish in da water and we hard to harpoon
I'm like open wounds pourin' iodine
Messin' wit' us is like saving 'Private Ryan'
You acting out a line now you lying, dying
Wash my evil hands in the fire hydrant
Yeah girl, my Kahuna's hooked up in Da Harnass
Flying through hard knock life is still torn
My ropes poped in Chicago, I hit the floor then
Got up and woke up wit' a burn in the morning
[Incomprehensible]
Aiyyo, we mo phat then down south trash and you know dat
With fomat blow the welcome of our door mat
Toes tapped, now the helified sound
Why your town off the road map, baby mess around
I propose that, you go and get your crew and get the bozac too
Def squad Wu or just slave to the Rivrim
Clinton is the Prez, I still voted for Cherlychism
Poison is venom my philosophy is busyism
The most beautiful is [Incomprehensible]
Minutes as usual, play your corner
Swingin' the ghetto pharmaceuticals the Methadonna
Or the old Flinstone chewables and Mary, Mary, Mary
So don't ever say I didn't warn ya
And I don't wanna be the one to stick the doggs on ya
I'm still ghetto, I rhyme ghetto, my peoples ghetto
Pants and saggy teeth yellow
Now thats what I call grimy
A million crazy kids behind me
Killa hills 10304 is where you'll find me
If your lookin' baby I'm right here, c'mon down
Yo, yo, yo, wassup my brotha? Wassup my brotha?
Aiyyo wassup now sis? Wassup now sis?
Aiyyo you got what I need, I got whatcha need
Got da Maaad Maaad Crew up in da house
Aiyyo wassup my brotha? Aiyyo wassup my brotha?
Wassup now sis? Aiyyo wassup now sis?
I got whacha need, aiyyo you got what I need
Got da Maaad Maaad Crew up in da house
Yo Crew up in da house
Yo yo Crew up in da house
We got Crew up in da house
We got da Maaad Maaad Crew up in da house
WKYA
Where all my peoples at that love hip hop?
Make some noise
I'll cya'll, I'll cya'll
Throw your ones up in the air like this so everybody can see um
And when I say hip hop, ya'll say one love
Hip hop, one love
Hip hop, one love
Hip hop, one love