
Back off, crack off, slack off
Act off your instinct
And think in a wink, or blink
I'll make your body shrink
I use ink and memory, my record companies selling me
My fans be telling me I'm the greatest
You hate this, rigid, metaphysical, criminal mided poet
Don't blow it, if it's lost, I'll show it
If it's torn, I'll sew it
It's kinda off beat yeah I know it
The styles I originate, I don't wait for fate
I practice love not hate
But mcs get ache
They wait and hesitate on the act
But always can debate on that trivial fact
This is krs and I'm black!
Same color as the brothers in iraq
War is wack, especially when you die in vain
Bush invaded panama, how can you really place blame on hussein? 
Regardless of the name, the insane economic game has got to change
Like a range rover over the plains
I come equipped to rip shit
Not ignorant, intelligent - artistic - inquisitive - poisitive and negative
The sedative is the poetry I give
How yah live krs is in the house!
The poisonous product (is) pimped out to poor people
Penetrates pieces of their thinking equal
It comes in peaceful thru the "tell-lie-vision"
Distorts your vision
Now the lies got you wishin' thru transmission
You wanna be a better christitan
You wake up sunday mornin' to watch "tell-lie-vision"
Mission - christians be sayin "accept jesus in your life"
Christianaty was founded 400 years after christ
What are you accepitng in your life? 
Christianty or the teachings of christ? 
Make up your mind, they're not the same thing
In 1992 the blind leads the blind
Right into the ground they can't show you where God is
Because they haven't found!
First - put down your Bible and release your sins
The Bible is dead, God is alive
Within, metaphysically speaking, I'll be clear
You wanna see god?  take a look in the mirror!
A tree is always known by it's fruit
A human being can walk up right or crawl like a brute
Yeah, now who do you salute?  the barbarian teaches us to hate our roots!
Despise our culutre, look for culture in another man's existance
Resist this - resist this master plan...
To turn the black man into a statistic
Why?  'cause he's materialistic
He wants to make a record but thru none of the logistics of it
Love it or leave it alone
Blastmaster krs is on the microphone
In the houuuuuseee...