
It's time, it's time, uh, one two, ha, y'all here me?
New York City, is ya with me?
Right one, one, check two, check me out, ha, watch it, yo
Imagine me, imagine you, imagine kids possibly two
Maybe three, imagine you and I loungin' in the tropics
Bounded by clever topics but never discussin' my profits
Imagine the tone of my voice makin' you moist
How you feel about that, ain't no doubt about that
These things could be real things according to
How you feel about you and I, hear me out now
I ain't your average but I'm deed about my cabbages
Let's keep it simple, you with it or what?
I mean is you feelin' me? Are you hearin' me?
What's the point in talkin' if you don't listen
Water, I shine, I glisten but I'm missin' a lady like you
Someone to hold me down, trust me you ain't had nobody like me
They can't touch me, you ain't had none of that so imagine that
Somethin' about that thing, that thing that you do
Keeps me running back, running to you, baby
I can't imagine being without you, can't live without you, baby
Yo shoddy, you don't want no drama with me
It's heavy and these chicks is steadily fondlin' me
Diggie shot callin' and I'm so tired of ballin'
But I've been doing that, these kids is new to that
Come inside my crib all you see is platinum plaques
Keep the gold ones in the back 'cause I'm ashamed of that
Now I lounge in the sticks dime piece on my hip
And I've been doing that since big stuff in eighty six
Somethin' about you really turned me on and I can't figure you out
'Cause everyday I'm thinking about diggin' you out, what's that about?
I got visions of turning you out
Now I ain't like Mike I'm simply just Dwight Errington Myers
Got a grip like pliers keep my name of the wires
'Cause my crew is high fliers
And I got more ice and more cream than briers, you wanna try us?
Somethin' about that thing, that thing that you do
Keeps me running back, running to you, baby
I can't imagine being without you, can't live without you, baby
Have you ever been treated correctly huh?
You should be glad you connected with D, baby, you ready?
Imagine this Hennessey, coat back, drop top
You and me, one on one buck wildin' non-stop
Flourish you with jewel rings, really
If you tell me that you do love me sincerely
Take the American Express and go shopping
Put your coochie in Gucci 'cause we ball in the night
Call your girls tell them that you're flowing with water
And it's sickenin' 'cause this trickin' is really out of order
I'll make you fingers glimmer, I'll make your entire attire better
All up in ya liver, make your body quiver
Heav'  digga damn that, gon' be the same nigga, you understand that?
My main intent is to pay your rent
And I'ma keep you satisfied until the day I die, alright
Something about that thing, that thing that you do
Keeps me running back, running to you, baby
I can't imagine being without you, can't live without you, baby
Somethin' about that thing, that thing that you do
Keeps me running back, running to you, baby
I can't imagine being without you, can't live without you, baby
Somethin' about that thing, that thing that you do
Keeps me running back, running to you, baby
I can't imagine being without you, can't live without you, baby