
Yeah, you know what I'm sayin'? Eh-heh
It's real funny you know what I mean?
I like can't believe this y' know
Jealousy like tried to move on me
You know what I'm sayin'?
So I said, "Nah, I ain't gonna"
Y' know make no energetic hyped up
Yellin' type joint, know what I mean?
I'm just gon' cool back, you know what I'm sayin'?
Word up to this slow gangster beat type thing
Check it out yo
Jealousy, I wanna kill him and shoot him
He's a sucker, I'd like to execute him
Recruit him, put him in my school and school him
I said somethin' simple and I knew that I'd fool him
He's only mediocre, jealousy can't get with me
Hang up your clothes, 'cause jealousy ain't spent to me
He's just a monkey, ridin' my back
In fact I kidnap, ransack, hijack and back slap the fool
See my name is Cool J
I play for keeps, the microphone's my tool
I've been holdin' back long enough, I had to bring it
Jealousy is in the house y'all, fellas sing it
Jealous, jealous
There's no need to be
Jealous, jealous
Bih mellow, you know what I'm sayin'?
Jealous, jealous
Gangster groove, word up know what I'm sayin'?
Jealous, jealous
Check it out y'all
I'm not lackadaisical or lazy on the microphone
I bring the bacon home, so jealousy go home
Or play the wall and pout about the way the prince is rollin'
So when they give it up, stand back and start foldin'
All your jealous show clothes
I think you need to grab a half-pint of Cisco
And hang out with Backstabber
'Cause I'ma break down all walls
Jealousy built and then walk tall
Like I'm standin' on stilts, yeah
Jealousy the jam is mean, you'll have to rewind it
If you didn't know about him, you must have been blinded
Ask him if I'm right, he'll tell you he sure is
Excuse me for a moment, fellas sing a smooth chorus
Jealous, jealous
Know what I'm sayin'? Smooth, word up
Jealous, jealous
Huh, crazy gangster beat, you know what I'm sayin'?
It's like a gangster lean
Jealous, jealous
Yeah, yeah you know what I'm sayin'?
It's Cool J in the house, you know what I'm sayin'?
Jealous, jealous
Word up, check it out
Check it, yo
Thank you fellas, the way you sung the chorus was swift
But now it's time to pump lyrics and shoot the gift
His name is Jealousy, fellas see what I mean
Now turn it out without a doubt
And if it hits you in the heart don't pout
'Cause I'ma hit Jealousy and his posse where it hurts a lot
Him and his boys have a habit, they always smirk a lot
And make mean faces, I see 'em in many places
Scared to face us, they wish they could erase us
Or outdo us, can't do damage and never will
The Legend in Leather is clever, man I'ma never chill
Allah take a break from this, yo I love swingin'
Yo E, pop the bubbly, fellas, start singin'
Jealous, jealous
Know what I'm sayin'?
It's like a crazy gangster groove, you know what I mean?
Jealous, jealous
Huh-huh, Jealousy ain't got no wins, you know what I'm sayin'?
Jealous, jealous
Yo but it ain't nuttin' you know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause yo I'm the prince of rap know what I'm sayin'? Word up
Jealous, jealous
Yo, it's crazy, I am the one
Bust it
Oh yeah, now I'ma wind it up
It's time to move on and end the Jealousy cut
And head off with a bang that sang and kicked your brain in
I flowed like water, now I'm finished explainin'
In the spotlight tonight, his name was Jealousy
And for some strange reason, it seems fellas be
Fallin' for him, I hope you understood
Stay away from him he ain't no good
You know what I'm sayin' man yo
(That's word yeah, I hear that)
Yeah, word up
(Can't hang out man)
Yo, it ain't nuttin' yo ya know what I'm sayin'
'Cause we gon' do this
(We gon' do it right)
Get involved man
Yo, get the champagne man
(Just chill)