
Ay but, what you doin' up here anyway nigga?
Man I came up to get some rubbers man, what you doin' up here?
No shit? Man, I came up here to get a physical
You know for my job, you gotta get a physical and shit, but
Really?
Philip Brown to the front desk, Philip Brown
Aw, that's me right there, hey man you stay up man
Philip Brown
Be careful and shit you know
Alright then homey
Philip Brown?
Yeah
Can I help you?
Ah, ah, uh, yeah, I'd like to get
I'd like to get a physical
We don't give physicals here
Oh you don't?
No, all we test for is VD, herpes, syphilis and gonorrhea
I'd like to see a doctor
What's the matter, you burning?
Huh?
Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no
Why is my thing-thing burnin' like this?
You burning?
Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no
What have I done stuck my duck in?
I went to the free clinic, it was filled to capacity
Now how bad can a piece of ass be?
Very bad, so I had to make the trip
And thank God, I didn't have the drips
I was there so a hoe couldn't gimme that
Just to get, twenty free jimmy hats, now look who I see
Ain't that yeah, that's the bitch from up the street
With the big fat tail, who always told Cube to go to hell
She thought she was wiser
Now she's sittin' in the waitin' room, burnin' like heat-mizer
Yeah I see ya, first Miss Thang, now Miss Gonorrhea
Man it's a trip how the world keeps turnin'
It's 1991 and look who's burnin'
Does it get you hot? It's got me hot
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
What have I, done stuck my duck in?
Does it get you hot? It's got me hot
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
What have I, done stuck my duck in?
Now everybody is a victim, you can go see 'em
And you'll hear more claps than the Coliseum
Sittin' there all quiet and embarrassed
Whup there go that bitch who was careless
I remember, she wouldn't give the cock
To anybody who lived on the block
Now hoe, look what you got
Bend that big ass over for the shot
'Cause somebody is pipin' hot
Drippin' like a faucet, I'm glad I didn't toss it
Got you a college boy, who was worse than me
And he probably fucked the whole university
Still wanted him to dick you down, kick you down
With some bucks, now who got fucked?
With a nigga for the money he's earnin'
But ask for some water bitch and look who's burnin'
Does it get you hot? Can you get that?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
Why is my thing-thing burnin' like this?
Does it get you hot? Can you get that?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
Why is my thing-thing burnin' like this?
It burns
Fitfully, shatteringly to it's end
(Aw shit)
At which there is, a little surprise
(That stupid ass)
Bitch
Yo, it ain't my fault you got the heebie-jibbies
But you still try to act like you didn't see me
So I walk over, and say "Hi, bitch, don't try to act surprised"
You shoulda put a sock on the pickle
And your pussy wouldn't be blowin' smoke signals
Man, this is gonna kill 'em
Guess who got a big fat dose of penicillin?
They'll ask, "Who?" and I tell 'em you
The new leader of the big booty crew
And after the day, I'm sorry to say
You come through the neighborhood, you couldn't give it away
To a nigga, who's out to get major paid
But you'll have him, pissin' out razorblades
But a bitch like you'll be returnin' with the H I V, R.I.P.
You can't trust a big butt and a smile, I'm burning up
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
You can't trust a big butt and a smile, I'm burning up
What have I, done stuck my duck in?
You can't trust a big butt and a smile, I'm burning up
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
You can't trust a big butt and a smile, I'm burning up
What have I, done stuck my duck in?
Done stuck my duck in
I'm burning up
It's hot, I'm burning up