
(TALKIN)
Paul Wall turn the bling in ya teeth down
Will you please turn the bling down in ya mouth
Nigga i left my shades in the car man could you please turn the bling down in ya mouth
(CHORUS X2)
These niggas KILLIN ME swerin that dey trill as me
you gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be
talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk
We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout
(Verse 1)
(Paul Wall)
You can catch me squeezin GLOCKS pullin triggas and evadin tha cops you dont wanna see me squarading the blocks so i suggest you that you vacade this spot these boys be swearin they hard but you dont want it with the clique i claim you talkin loud but you aint sayin a thang man speak into the mic man CLICK CLACK BANG BANG BANG
You need to be wearin panties cuz you packin pussy,
you better not push me, when Macboney unload the result is
you're gonna be bloody, scabbed up and pussing.
Your talk is cheap I let my actions speak louder than your
words, first I bite, then I bark, keep your cool before I
calm your nerves.
What you know about the place I'm from? (nuttin)
You dunno about the hood I rep. (nope)
You don't want me to unload the clip (no), sink your ship, rearrange your lips. Watch your steps be careful cuz you
stompin heavy on dangerous grounds, I got wind wit a full
twelve rounds keep talkin down and you'll get stomped down.
I don't play the radio and disrespect and attempt to
rearrange your thoughts, the end result is your brains in a box so I suggest that you change your thoughts.
[CHORUS]
These niggas KILLIN ME swerin that dey trill as me
you gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be
talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk
We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout
(Macboney)
I'm hotter than lava straight up from the city
Wit somebody's baby mamma, how dey gonna kill me
when I'm ready for da drama? i ain't got nothin to loose
Imma blast all partners den dey ass gon wonder den mash round the corner tryna crash my show, put a tag on ya toe.
Ya'll ain't killas, ya'll just assholes with another hoe
nigga talkin trash like a hoe, this fag gotta go.
Let my trap niggas run up, knock him to da floor
let me punch him with tha ring, get the gators in his throat
Should I let him live? If I gotta ask, hell no.
Hangin hard up his squad that's for dem to consume.
I don't take no stuff, unless it's yo girl wit her legs
straight up when I bust verse you were [unknown..] spittin
booze out yo car, you a fool by the luck, cuz you finish
what you started and you loose, time-up, put yo brains on
dust cuz you layin on the dust, thought you were bad but
that rife hangin up come fight like a man but yo ass ain't
tough, just a big fat chump. Nigga show em the part where
dey be walkin on wheels, come past for me, I'm waitin for
ya any day nigga, when ya comin? Fuckin with TIP, ask him
how we done it, that was back in the day.
Now we got more banana clips ready for the dumpin, respectin the streets so nobody sayin nothin, AKs so cunnin,
never see me comin, just a bunch of people runnin. Ya'll
niggas don't want it!
[CHORUS]
These niggas KILLIN ME swerin that dey trill as me
you gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be
talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk
We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout