
Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you
Aye, was you thinkin' of me? Aye, aye
Hey, let's get a room, shawty, we can freak somethin' if you down
Whachu would do?
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
Bet they be like, "I know he tired of the nightlife
He want a wife, he just lookin' for the right type"
Yeah right, I be ridin' through the city lights
My hat bent, gettin' high behind the 'Lac tint
I'm chillin' with Brazilian women, heavy accents
They black friends translatin', got 'em all ass naked, adjacent
Have relations wit 'em many places
Leavin' semen in they pretty faces
Make 'em kiss they partners with it in they faces
Young pimpin' sprung women 'cross the 50 states
Got young ladies requestin', "What's yo name?" on 50 stations
Askin' me what's a pussy popper, want a demonstration
But I ain't waitin' til the second date, I'm so impatient
Relieve 'em of they aggravation, take 'em rollerskatin'
On them Dayton's, tell 'em, "Baby, stick with me, you goin' places"
Go replace 'em, draw erase 'em out my memory
Moist panties and wet sheets when they think of me
Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
Aye, was you thinking for me?
Aye, sing it for me, pimpin'
Hey, let's get a room, shawty, we can freak somethin' if you down
Now tell 'em, shawty
Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you
Yo yo
From Miami to Cali, from Vegas to Jersey
Got 'em in Houston, Virginia, New Orleans, ya heard me?
All the classy one's like to act like they a virgin
And the nasty one's like when I talk to 'em dirty
But I'm breakin' the ice, got 'em laughin' and flirtin'
They be removin' they skirts when they hop in the 'burban
Once the flick start playin' and the "E" start kickin' in
Her girlfriend lickin' and she beggin' me to stick it in
That's why I like chillin' with women who like women
Lightskinned, Asians, Jamaicans and white women
Indians, Italians, Haitians and Puerto Ricans
They be itchin' for they chance and waitin' in me to freak 'em
They say
Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
Aye, was you thinking of me?
Aye, tell 'em for me, pimpin'
Hey, let's get a room, shawty, we can freak somethin' if you down
Aye, listen to me
Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you
Was you thinking of me?
Excuse me shawty, but I been watchin' you now for a while
Yo whole style, from yo toes to the way that you smile
And I hope you ain't offended by the way that this sounds
But uhh, all I keep thinkin' 'bout is layin' you down
And I'm keepin' it pimpin', I ain't playin' around
Ain't got that kinda time 'cause this the only day I'm in town
So come and chill in the cut if you willin' to cut
And when you give me a hug I be feelin' yo butt
Now so while for while we talkin', I'm fillin' yo cup
We killin' the bottle, wake up in dirty linen tomorrow
But tell me would it trouble you if we ended up at the W
Snoozin' on a Malibu pineapple juice and a blunt or two?
Now whachu wanna do? Opportunity's right in front of you
Know you used to meetin' dudes, dodgin' 'em for a month or two
But young pimpin' spit linen to the young women
I'm T.I.P, known as pussy popper to some women
Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you
Was you thinking of me? Aye, aye
Hey, let's get a room, shawty, we can freak somethin' if you down
Whachu would do?
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
Oh yeah, come on
Now tell 'em
Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
Shit, I'm on my way therr, you know
I'm goin' home
Hey, let's get a room, shawty, we can freak somethin' if you down
Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you
Whoa whoa whoa whoa
Aye, aye
Ladies and gentlemen
This is a Jazze Phizzle, T.I. collaborangelle
King of the south! Oh boy!
Jazze Phizzle, T.I., Grand Hustle, daddy!
So smooth, so smooth, daddy
Futuristic
Pimps up, daddy!
Oh boy, yeah