
(Telephone rings 6x)
Yeah.. 
I dunno no that bitch bugged out she fuckin other niggas
 
girl(hello?)
Hey! Hey! 
Where was you at last night?
Yo!She didnt pick up
guess she was gettin her clit eat up
I let it ring a whole bunch of times before I hung up 
No mind I just finished diggin her out 
wit my boxers on and I had my  joint in her mouth
gaggin er an shit lookin down at the bitch laughing
I"m bout to smash that pussy like baby asprins
I"m fuckin her 
like I had feelings for da bitch
I caught feeling for da bitch 
Fuck if Pretty Tone's whipped!
If I wasn't whipped why I keep giving up my dick? 
Like its voodo on da kid
I keep suckin on her clit
From the bed to the bathroom
Toney diggin her down
Sweatin bullets like we in the ring going some rounds
Miss Lucy, eatin sushi playin wit her coochie 
On some Lil Kim shit tattooed right up on her booty
That said
"Beat you five beans you can't even move me!"
Know how to work her pussy muscles when yo dick is in that cootie
That's right
Yeah her nookie's the bomb
She had niggas wrapped around her middle finger like the female Fonz
But any way you wan..I'm call her again
Do-Do-Do-Do-Do(dialing on phone) 
If she diss me I'ma fuck up her Benz
(Background sample)
Hello?(woman) 
Hey!(man)
Hello?(woman)
Hey women! This is the second time I called you!
So what!(woman)
I decided to update my groove 
Partyin hard and stayin on the move
Playin it cool, takin 'em as they come 
Not rushing into love with anyone
(Chorus)
Last night changed it all
I really had a ball (repeat twice)
Phone rings 
[Outro: girl (Ghostface Killah) and Theodore Unit]
Damn, nigga, stop fuckin' touchin' me
(Come on, ma, I thought you had an ant on your leg)
Man, you know I ain't have no fuckin' ant on me
{This nigga Starks got ants in his car!}
(Muthafucka! You got ants in your mouth, bitch!)
*Aiyo, Tone, aiyo, Tone, watch the way you drivin', man
It's snowin' right now!* (Muthafucka, I got it, nigga I got it!)
*Your drinkin' and drivin' and shit*
(Muthafucka.. give me another shot of that goose
I mean come on, give me some more Goose nigga!)
*Aiyo son sweatin' bullets back here and shit, g*
Yo roll the window down, yo, he bowling ball head, he bowling ball head
(Yo, aiyo, I nigga, thrown over my shit)
Man, fuck that shit, Starks who the fuck record over it
(Yo listen, baby, I camp real slow right now) Man fuck this
Muthafucka we in the Bronx, man! Be quiet, yeah you right (hold on, hold on)
Oohh shit... that's that Theodore shit right here, g!
Submitted by Triston Murray at tkam542yahoo.com