
You ready b? 
Lets go get'um.
Look for me young b crusin down the west side highway.
Doing what we like to do your way. eyes behind shade,
This necklace the reason all of my dates been blind dates.
But today I got my thourest girl with me, I'm mashin the
Gas, she's grabbin the wheel. it's true to the heart, she
Rides with me the new bobby and whitney the only time we don't
Speak is during "sex and the city" she gets carrie fever but as
Soon as the show is over she's right back to being my soulger.
Cause mommy's a rider and I'm a roller put us together how they
Gonna stop both us. whatever she lacks I'm right over her sholder
When I'm off track mommy is keeping my focused.
So lets lock this down like supposed to be the 0-3 bonnie and clide
Hove and b.
(holla)
(chorus)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend.(me and my girfriend)
Down to ride till the very end is me and my boyfriend.(me and my boyfriend)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend.(me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride till the very end is me and my boyfriend(me and my boyfriend)
The problem is..
You dudes treat the one that your lovin with the same respect that your
Treat the one that your hopin. that ain't about nothin.
If your ever mad about somthin it won't be that. oh no it won't be that.
With no be-atch, oh no you won't see that.
And no I ain"perfect nobodys walking the earth surfaces but girkfriend work
With the `kid I keep you workin at hermain burginbag, monolo bline
Timbs,aveaterlins,600 drops,
Her cades benz. the only time you where burbery to swim.
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him, she do anything nessesary
For him. and I'll do anything nssesary for her so don't let the nessesary occur!
(yep)
(chorus x2)
If I was your girlfrind. I'll be there for you. if somebody hurts you even if
Somebody takes you away from me.(yeah-hee)
Some times I trip on how happy we could be.
So I put this on my life. nobody or nothing will ever come between us.
And I promis to give my life and all of my trust if you were my boyfriend.
I'll put this on my life. the air that I breath in all that I believe.
And I promis to give my life and all of my trust if you were my boyfriend.
(chorus x2)