
Intro: Lil Kim 
Ladies and Gentlemen 
you are now listening of the sounds of The Notorious B.I.G. and the Junior 
M.A.F.I.A. 
Jealous niggas recognise  freak bitches fantasise 
Aah aah 
Chorus: Lil Caesar 
Uh  one two y'all  you know I rocked 'cha 
Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
One two y'all  you know I rocked 'cha 
Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha 
Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
One two y'all, uhh, uhh, uhh uhh (Check it out!) 
Verse 1: Lil Caesar 
Easy livin, bitches givin pussy like it's free 
My GS3 gleams perfectly 
Lil Cae's get flour like the stems 
Land's and Lexus' flexed with the M-A-F-I-A 
Blunts make my day 
Friday to Friday stay-be baby 
plus stylus, sippin on Berry's iris 
My windfall- be rich by sixteen 
Swimmin in CREAM, fuck a dollar and a dream 
Saw her knockin all ho's, dancin a machine, uhh 
True bawler, bitch case might call her 
A little shorty but I like my bitches taller 
Nastiest, the flashiest, you got bust past your shit 
while Big fuck your bitch 
Uhh uhh, while your nigga take flicks 
Uhh yeah Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique 
Chorus: Cheek Del Vec 
One two y'all, you know I rock ya 
Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
*repeat x2* 
One two y'all, uhh uhh uhh 
Verse 2: Cheek Del Vec 
I admit back in the days I did stupid shit 
Now I changed, I'm in to bigger and better things 
like rockin Cuban change, bitch copped the range 
Del Vec was set with the Lex and diamond rings 
Pop Moet with my bitch when it rain 
Drink away the pain, got mad scars on my brain 
A little nigga rolled for dough 
Copped ki's across seas 
and sent a memo from 
a Cuban kid named Sallio 
selled mad pulito 
Coppin 'bout four bricks then I called Nino 
Meet me at the airport, feds is on the stalk 
Almost got caught cos the dumb bitch talked 
How much you makin? What we're doin, wouldn't live that 
How much Moveet cost and where my cash stash at? 
But the feds still couldn't get nuttin 
JM I'm still stuntin and frontin 
Chorus: Jamal 
One two y'all, you know we rock ya 
Little Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
*repeat x2* 
One two y'all, you know we rock ya, rock ya 
Little Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
Verse 3: Jamal 
Mally G a villian, keep niggas feelin 
my trigger finger enhancin peelin 
ya dome piece with the chrome piece fat 
I'll fuck around, black, catch a Mac to ya back 
Lethal weapon with the eighteen leather 
Schemin, bustin on whoever I can ejecta 
Window, think slow sing low 
Fuckin with Row Dog Mall you ain't know, aah 
Remember this funkabist lyricist 
Blow the premises out the frame wit this 
killer seen with the guillotine shotty 
with Junior M.A.F.I.A. rockin ya fuckin spot 
Cockin the Glock, fifty bust, hit the dust 
This spit shit murderous 
Huh, now do you think that you can fade Jamal, I fade dem all 
and if I have to kill em all, I sure 
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. 
One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha 
Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
*repeat x2* 
One two y'all, uhh uhh uhh 
Verse 4: Biggie 
I got that venom rhyme like Sprite got lemon lime 
Dina Carradine, keep a hand in all the time 
My rhymes somewhat Shakesperian when I'm smeer-ien 
to kissin my lawyer at my hearin-en 
This day and age my rap is like the plague 
I married this shit, y'all niggas still engaged 
Turn blowouts to 360 waves 
How this 12 gauge feel sittin on ya tongue, on ya lips 'n' 
dippin with money L in the green beamer 
sippin zimas on our way to see Katrina 
She said she need a freak like me like Adina 
Fucked her by mistake she had a twin named Regina 
I seen her, lights excite all the freaks 
Squirtin on curtains, lips, tits and sheets 
Compete, meet death, ya dead, ya die 
Don't fuck with B-I, that's that! 