
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Who's the Mack? Is it some brother in a big hat
Thinking' he can get any bitch with a good rap?
Rollin' in a fucked-up Lincoln
Leanin' to the side so it looks like he's sinkin'
Into that leopard interior
This nigga think every girl's inferior
To his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung
As she's sellin' more butt
Don't even get a cut of the money
His name is Sonny and he know to play
And hope to God that he don't find a runaway
That's lookin' to become a star
He'll have your ass in and out of every car
With every on and Rick, suckin' every John's dick
Come short of the money, get your ass kicked
You don't like it but you still call him hunk
Last night the nigga put ya ass in the trunk
You wanna leave but Sonny started talkin' fast
And it make you wanna go and sell more ass
He's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that
Now ask yourself
Who's the Mack?
Who's the Mack?
It is that fool that wanna pump the gas?
Give you a sad story and you give him cash
He start mackin' and mackin' and you suckin'
Quick to say, "I'm down on my luck"
And you give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way
Then you see his sorry ass the next day
Are you the one gettin' played like a sucker?
Or do you say, get a job, motherfucker?
Everyday the story gets better
He's wearin' dirty pants and a funky-ass sweater
He claims he wants to get somethin' to eat
But everyday you find yourself gettin' beat
He gets your money and you run across the street
Don't look both ways 'cause he's in a daze
And almost get his ass hit for the crack
Now ask yourself, who's the Mack? Who's the Mack?
Is it that nigga in a club askin'
"Have you ever been in a hot tub?"
I know the game so I watch it unfold
When I see the boy picked to your earlobe
He's talkin' shit and you crack a smile
When he tell you that he can go buck wild
For a girl like you and make it feel good
You know it's drama but it sound real good
He start draggin' and hopefully he can start taggin' the pussy
So he can keep braggin'
He say, "I'm 'a leave, baby, can you go with me?"
You wanna do it but you feelin' like a H O E
You grab his hand, you leave and it's over
'Cause the nigga ain't nothin' but a rover
You knew the game and you still ended up on your back
Now ask yourself
Who's the Mack?
Mackin' is the game and everybody's playin'
And as long as you believe what they sayin'
Consider the M A C K and with no delay
They are gonna get all the play
But when it comes to me
Save the drama for your momma
It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a
Mack in my own right
When it comes to rhyme and rap
'Cause all I do is kick facts
Unlike Iceberg Slimm
And all of them be claimin' P I M P
No, I'm not goin' out that way
I'm just a straight up an' I double G A
Next time u get over on a fool
And you did the shit like real smooth
Thank Ice Cube for givin' up the facts
And ask yourself
Who's the Mack?
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack