
Chorus:
I play my card jus' like i'm supposed to
Now you wanna tell me that I don't show you...
When you act crazy it be makin' me postal...... She like that, she like that, she like that... don't you?
She say she love me then she go through... emotional places where I can't go to, next mornin' you normal actin' like it's old news! She like that, she like that, she like that.... don't you?
When you act crazy it be makin' me postal.... You like that, you like that, you like that don't you?
A-plus verse:
First she love then she don't then she love me,
First she wanted a hug now she wanna plug me!
First thing I said's ''hey baby you lookin' lovely''
You shrug ya shoulders 'n' tell me you feelin' ugly!
Give another  compliment then you mean mug me.
I even dressed up, rockin' a clean rugby.
Baby i'm just a man doin what I can, it should mean somethin' i'm seein' you 'n' none of them!
You know i'm the shit so you don't fool with otha men 'n' i'll still be wit you even if you are not a ten!
You get in one of them moods 'n'  tune me out again
and the way that yalkin' it's like you truly not a friend.
My lifestyle's makin' you doubt what i'm about,
I been through this before it aint hard to figure out.
But when i'm on the verge of leavin' you get to thinkin',
next thing you know we layin' in the bed sleepin'.
She like ''you so locco when you postal''
Yeah you like that, you like that don't you?
Chorus:
 I play my card jus' like i'm supposed to Now you wanna tell me that I don't show you... When you act crazy it be makin' me postal...... She like that, she like that, she like that... don't you? She say she love me then she go through... emotional places where I can't go to, next mornin' you normal actin' like it's old news! She like that, she like that, she like that.... don't you? When you act crazy it be makin' me postal.... You like that, you like that, you like that don't you?
Opio's verse:
Usin' sex as a weapon should never be part of the plan,
gealous to introspection'll probably help you with that
But infact, you'd rather be on the attack, yellin 'n' screamin in public, girl you know the math. It never adds up all it does is just subtract untill you hit that brick wall then there aint no comin' back-it up to when we first met, she was so thirsty
The knowledge that i'm givin' she was hollerin' mercy!
But now she ultra confrontational in the worst way,
fuckin' up my summer time 'n' crashin' my birthday, with a hurricane 'n' her sayin' the same old thing.
I'm always in the eye of the storm. You now the game is played out, I stay out 'n' drink stout so I don't think about it coz she make me feel like America's most hounded.
You think I wanna stick around that mushroom cloud shit, a nuclear fallout when she pop off 'n' shouted.
'N' I was just defendin' myself, you know how I do, 'n' even when I blew my lid I kept it so true.
Chorus:
 I play my card jus' like i'm supposed to Now you wanna tell me that I don't show you... When you act crazy it be makin' me postal...... She like that, she like that, she like that... don't you? She say she love me then she go through... emotional places where I can't go to, next mornin' you normal actin' like it's old news! She like that, she like that, she like that.... don't you? When you act crazy it be makin' me postal.... You like that, you like that, you like that don't you?
Tajai's verse:
Damn.... you got some nerve miss!
I'm thinkin to myself ''do I deserve this?''
I mean, i'm tryna be there wit' you.
But honestly... i'm lightweight scared of you!
I just can't see myself without you, 
same time I can't be myself around you!
Understand i'm a work in  progress.
All this fussin'll just hurt the process.
Still I feel like you complete me.
I'm such a weaklin', man, look how you treat me!
I know love aint supposed to hurt.
Even brought you round my seed 'n'
you got close to her, turn around 'n' use that against me
When you flash you do it with such intensity.
Say anythin' to offend me... I aint gonna tell ya what my family 'n' friends think!
Skip it baby... coz this is our thang, why you gotta make lovin' you such a hard thing?
Chorus:
I play my card jus' like i'm supposed to Now you wanna tell me that I don't show you... When you act crazy it be makin' me postal...... She like that, she like that, she like that... don't you? She say she love me then she go through... emotional places where I can't go to, next mornin' you normal actin' like it's old news! She like that, she like that, she like that.... don't you? When you act crazy it be makin' me postal.... You like that, you like that, you like that don't you?