
[female reporter]
The definition of sex varies with many people
In search of a few ways to define it
We asked actor/comedian mr. dolemite his definition of sex
And his response was..
[dolemite]
Baby, sex is just like puttin money in the bank
Once you take it out, the interest is all gone
[female reporter]
Then we asked rap star big daddy kane his definition of sex
And well *clears throat* according to the prince of darkness..
[big daddy kane]
Here comes kane the mack, the sex maniac
Bring on the honies and you can't restrain me back from ff..
.. nah I better not say the whole word
So uhh, let's just say what make whoopi like goldberg
Cause I wanna make you sweat, get you wet
Perform a miracle in this love duet, see baby
I play the game like keno, plus I know the
+scent of a woman+ better than al pacino
And when it comes to girls, I show no mercy
They lick me on the chest and say, 'to hell with hershey'
Now it's time for me to lick that body
And this is no +ordinary love+, ask sade
Baby you're bound to perspire, when I use
The nipples on your breasts just like a pacifier
Honey please, keep your body at ease
And let me see what I can do with those 34 c's
I plan to lick your bellybutton my dear
And let my tongue walk five steps downstairs
The way that I plan to put this chocolate syrup to use
I'm gonna wake up in the mornin with a hairy sweettooth
And now you're under my spell like a magician
Abra-cadabra, good sex and I have ya
Laid out, waitin for a big treat
I'm not the ku klux klan but I stay under sheets
And when it comes to sex, yo I'm the illest
Plus I know more +diff'rent strokes+ than arnold and willis
I make you feel the reel to reel you feel
When I break the headboard down like shaquille
Then bend over doggy style and just watch me
Ride yo' black ass like I was still filmin +posse+
Then I'm the one that gets the job done
My mattress have more bodies than al capone's, gun
When I get through givin you mine, uhh
Girls be callin me back like *69
So come on over here hottie, let me just
'work that body, work that body'
Uh-huh, uh-huh..
Straight like that..
Aiyyo
How many real niggaz out there like to have sex
C'mon, just ? 
I said how many real niggaz out there like to have sex
C'mon, just ? 
And say sex (sex!)
Say and more sex (and more sex!)
Say I like it (I like it)
And say I love it (I love it)
Say I need it (I need it)
Say I eat it (I eat it.. whoahhh shit)
Yeah
Well keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah
Ah keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah uh
Keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah
Keep it on baby baby, keep it on