
Once again my friends and countrymen
Lend us your ears and eyes
The Showstopper is stupid fresh
When will you be satisfied?
Yo, bust it Sandy D
Yo, what's up?
Have you ever been to jams when people just stand
And they pay to come in, and they don't even dance?
They're so uncouth they think they're cute
Am I lying? No, it's the truth
Right now I'm gonna show you how it's supposed to be
'Cause we, the Salt and Pepa MCs
Will chance the circumstance rocks your pants
My fans, this is called the jam
Sandy What? Sandy What?
Sandy, we'll be breaking hearts, ya know
That's true, it's all about money though
But Douglas and Richie won't like it (So?)
Come on then, let's stop the show
Yo, this beat is stupid fresh
Huh, yeah, you know it, cold dissed Doug Fresh
Top choice, of course, the rest is Salt
Set it off, do it Set it off, do it
Set it off, do it Set it off, do it
Listen now, I ain't down to rap
Are you serious? Just like a heart attack
Come on now, Cher! I don't want to
Get on now, Cher! Do I have to? Yeah
Well I really don't have too much to say
Yo, then here's my story anyway
It's just a little somethin' too hot to be missed, girl
I was going downtown (What, Cher?), serious
Cher took the train home from work
Pissed off because of a stain on my shirt
The train made a stop (Where?) Two hundred and five
And a little soft guy walked inside
He wore plastic Bally's and a booty Gucci suit
Cracked a little smile and showed a fake gold tooth
Was he cute? Negative, he was a dupe
Instead of Polo he wore Brute
La-di-da-di What?
La-di-da-di Uh-huh, word to mother
The boy was rude, I didn't approve
He tried to make a move I said, "Stop it, dude!"
I started to cuss and began to swear
He said, "Listen girl, I like the way you comb your hair
And I like the stylish clothes you wear
Is there something that I can do
To show how much I really care?
Like when I'm all alone with you
My heart just skips a beat or two
And you put that fire inside of me
That shows it's more than just a dream
And I like it, and I like it"
I said, "Please, don't get excited!"
Don't you know I'm too young for you, mister?
Sally from the Valley - she's my sister
And that lady you dissed - that was my mother
You hurt two of my family, you won't get another
He tried to deny it, said it was a lie
He wanted to explain, explain to me why
I said, "Don't bother, there's really no need
Sally died when she hit the concrete"
He said, "Come on, you're puttin' me on"
As I got up to walk he sang this song
Oh, baby please don't go
What must I do to show
The way I feel for you, girl
Is going to be real?
But in reality, I know we'll never be
'Cause you're still walking away from me"
A dis, a dis