
I drink Gatorade man, uhh, what?
Heav' Diggy y'all, Gruff, whattup Gruff?
(Whattup?)
Quite, huh, say what? Uptiggy y'all, they ain't ready, uhh
Yeah, Heavy not a think about romancing you
But my man's tell me I ain't got a chance wit'chu
What a nigga gotta do to get a dance wit'chu
Get dipped, take trips, fly to France wit'chu?
Now, I'll be there to keep you warm when nights is cold
Word to God, I swear I'll give you something to hold
See you be on my mind 'cause you shine like gold
To think that I've been knowing you since we was young years old
Whattup miss? C'mere, give Gruff kiss
Drive a nigga crazy wearing stuff like this
Boo you hot, like the Campbell Buddha spot
I'm the man to hell with that damn dude, you got
Used to see you summertime, Grant's Tomb a lot
Me and all my mens smoke boom a lot
(Aiyyo Gruff, I got the 6)
Well, circle zoom the block and y'all listen up
'Cause Gruff show you a drop
So you wanna be a player, then what are you so afraid of?
Tricking cash and you still gets no love
'Cause Heav' is all she thinks of, so you wanna be a fly guy?
Running 'round here acting all rah-rah? I'll be chilling and smoking
On my lye, Heav' D and Gruff we stay fly
Ma-ma, I swear, you be looking fancy
Won't you take time, see if you chance me
You be like dough slow but Heavy getting Nancy
Some don't really like me, they don't understand me
Dig your style plenty, remedy Remy
Now who can hang with Heavy, not many, if any
You running 'round here chilling wit'cha girls and stuff
Creeping while you peeping out my jewels and stuff
Yeah, this yo' world, no doubt you go girl
Gruff specialize in making ya toes twirl
At Uptown, we be shaking the whole world
Platinum, any broad I want I can have 'em
Anybody floss we gon' bag 'em
(Yeah)
Cats be getting tossed when we catch 'em
(Yeah)
My lifestyle, off in Manhattan
(No diggy)
Stay jiggy, caught up in the fashion
So you wanna be a player, then what are you so afraid of?
Tricking cash and you still gets no love
'Cause Heav' is all she thinks of, so you wanna be a fly guy?
Running 'round here acting all rah-rah? I'll be chilling and smoking
On my lye, Heav' D and Gruff we stay fly
So you wanna be a player, then what are you so afraid of?
Tricking cash and you still gets no love
'Cause Heav' is all she thinks of, so you wanna be a fly guy?
Running 'round here acting all rah-rah? I'll be chilling and smoking
On my lye, Heav' D and Gruff we stay fly