
Yeah whattup Detroit?
Nu uh, nu uh nuh no he didn't!
Ahh! They didn't do it again
What what, wha what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
Oh fo' sho'!
Uh uh, na, you smell that?
This is special right here
What what, wha what what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie oogie oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
(Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
And watch mosh pits till motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
Some of these crowds that Slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw is niggaz from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown ass ignorant men with hair triggers again
You and what army could harm me?
D R E and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach
  (Eastside!)
Came a long way to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long UZ' and I carry it all day
(Blaow!)
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre but I
Somehow, someway, hello, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay
(Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up
And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin' son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns and I love all of 'em the same, bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot, what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem
  (Whassup Slim?)
Whattup cuz?
  (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope done hooked up
With the King of the motherfuckin West coast, baby!
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
I'm the head nigga in charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it 'cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a twelve gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please, you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, come on
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
Aww naw, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up in the, heezy Baby
He's Sha-day!
He's so crazy!
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal makin' a living
Off of the world's misery, what in the world gives me the right
To say what I like and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you fagot
You happy now? Look here
I start some trouble everywhere that I go
(That I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know
('Cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do'
(The back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo'
(A fo'-fo')
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X To The Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!