
Intro:
You better fall back , nigga gon wit all that 
imma big dawg, got no time for small cats 
and i been known, most of you guys is all rap
hide behind rhymes discised in all black. . . .
Verse :
You better fall back , nigga gon wit all that 
imma big dawg, got no time for small cats 
and i been known, most of you guys is all rap
hide behind rhymes discised in all black
im in the end zone , moving the chain winning the game
not a ten clone saying my name to get in the game
wait a minute homes , first of all let it known im bout that business homes
so all the flexing and the lying you can kill it homes
you just a cub imma lion (Dont forgot it homes)
listen im out yo division homes
my name written in stones on the throne that im sitting on
long term like a great Britten homes 
spitting strong in a zone on the microphone im the sickest known
everybody's ego i be pissing on
getting blown riding thru the city on big chrome
sitting under something that you thought i cudnt fit em on
anyway say we cut to the chase and get to straight nitty gritty homes
way you bitch and moan, like a broad you need titty's on
and im straight dont get me wrong, shawty i aint in to dudes
talk about your music not about me in your interviews
seem like everytime im rapping, imma offending dudes
and i aint thought about you, let alone mention you. . .
Outro : (T.I. talking)
MLK DJ DRAMA
I just wanna let these niggas know i dont need no goddamn mixtape homes
i got 150 songs, i mean i got 150 songs on deck my nigga
i mean on some real shit, i'll give this shit to you, if you want it nigga
really. . .all you gotta say is "Tip we miss you dawg", Tip "we wanna hear ya dawg"
then i'll goddamn throw some shit out there homes
but dont goddamn go comparing me to a nigga who done dropped 3 mixtapes
when i done dropped 7 ALbums my nigga
i dont wanna hear this shit nigga. . . 
fuck you saying ?
nigga my son got better songs then you nigga
ayy digg on some real shit
next time i hear another muthafucka comparing my album to a muthafucking mixtape. . . 
imma walk up to ya my nigga, AND IMMA SLAP YA WIT A STACK OF 50s NIGGA SAY IM LYING
THANK ITS A MUTHAFUCKIN GAME, FUCK A MIXTAPE NIGGA!!!!!