
Jeff: yo yo, hey man, ain't you guys um, plug one? plug two? 
Potholes in my lawn? you're those weird guys, de la soul, right? 
Dove: yeah, what's up little man, how you feeling, I'm dove, how you
Feeling.
Pos: yo what's up man, my name is pos.
Mase: what's up, I'm mase. yo, shorty, what's your name? 
Jeff: oh, my name? jeff. you guys are walking? now rappers ain't
Supposed to walk.
Pos: sorry little man, but you know...
Jeff: jeff. I told you, my name is jeff. if you guys are rappers,
Where's your dukey gold chains? y'all don't have no dukey gold chains.
Mase: we don't wear gold chains, we'd rather spend our money on
More important things like, women, necessities...
De la soul: and video games!
Jeff: y'all are crazy. no chains, dag. okay, where's your bmw? 
You're not supposed to walk. where's your jeeps, your maximas? 
Dove: maximas? yo, maxin' would break my flow. and with the cause of
Gas, jeff man, I'd rather take the transit that's mass.
Jeff: what you say? you are c-r-a-z-e-e. crazee. don't you know you
Can't be def if you don't have no gold? or a car, man? what's up? 
Mase: who told you that? 
Jeff: everybody who's def has gold, cars, money, girls, clothes...
Mase: wait a minute, wait a minute, shorty, you're buggin'. do you like
Plug tunin' and
Potholes? 
Jeff: yeah that song's def.
Pos: but we don't wear no gold chains, nor do we ride bmw's and
Maxes or jeeps, yet you still think our music is def, right? wait a
Minute. did I say 'def'? 
De la soul: rrrr-rrah!
Jeff: what? 
Pos: nothing, nothing. it's just that we don't deal with all that
Materialistic stuff, but we still got what it takes to please and
Supply our listeners, understand my man? 
Jeff: where's your beepers? why don't you have beepers? everybody
Wears beepers. you have to have beepers to look down.
Mase: aaauughhh! little man is brainwashed indeed!
Dove: nah, nah. beepers are the least of status situators, man. plus
I find them ugly as parking tickets.
Jeff: you guys talk funny.
Pos: well actually our verbal is kinetic, so when released flow a to
Z is perfectly pitched in andvance in intricacy.
Jeff: yeah you homeboys are really bugged.
Pos: wait a minute. did he say...
Mase: bugged? 
De la soul: rrrr-rrah!
Jeff: so no car, no beepers, no gold. that's weak man, that's weak.
Dove: jesus, did he say 'weak? ' jesus, they never learn.
Pos: foolish mind, have i, have i.
Mase: actin' like that lady!
De la soul: that lady!
Pos: peace, my brother...