
[Intro:]
1!
1-2!
GRRR!
[Verse 1:]
I had five hundred grams in fifty-fifty-eight bags
Four-hundred Benz eight-thousand in cash.
Then the ball dropped, GUN POPPED! - Bank$ got blast!
I make it so HOT! - One shot'll melt your ass!
GOT POPPED UP! - Probably till my eyes turned red
Told myself in the mirror nigga you ain't dead!
I'm far from eccentric, I'm so PSYCHOTIC
I don't need you to shoot for me, nigga I GOT IT!
When you see me in the hood - muhfucker don't talk to me!
'Less you wan' talk about usin' a Hawk for me.
When Al blew Black away I had 'em on some stupid shit
Then my rap shit WORKED! - Now I'm super stupid rich!
All I do is stunt now! - I'm so Maybach!
There I go frontin' again I meant to say laid back!
GO 'HEAD! Move wreckless get banged for necklace
I serve 'em with the Semi feed 'em a clip for breakfast.
[Chorus:]
You want some? - Come get some!
Nigga it's murder one, when I toss my gun!
You might see me let it off, you might see me run!
But you won't see shit time the police come! - Huh?
You want some? - Come get some!
Nigga it's murder one when you see my gun!
I jus' squeeze and squeeze 'til the whole clip done!
You jus' bleed and bleed till the police come! - Huh? You want some?
[Verse 2:]
I got a 8th of dope left [phone rings] half a pound of purple
Shooters in my circle! - TRY ME I let 'em murk you!
Got more guns than a gun store, beefin' what you want boy
You wan' be nice to me? ! - You wan' shoot dice with me? !
You want a ace on purpose? ! - Why you so nervous?
Nigga we from the same hood! - We come from the same shit!
You got gonorrhea too, we fucked with the same bitch!
Gettin' money is necessary so me I'm a visionary!
And I'm sayin' that house - should be a crackhouse!
Now see it how I see it; or I bring the Straps out!
The Tec and the Mack out! - The Sig and the Taurus!
The Coke and that Heckler - then nigga we warin'!
I let my pistol speak for me and all of 'em foreign.
Click-clack! - Comprende? I'm criminal minded!
Toss money in the sewer! - Bet nobody find it!
Till it's rusty and fucked up, forensics have fun! - What?
[Repeat Chorus:]
[Outro:]
Come get it, I'm strapped now, I'm with it!
Come get it! [echoes]
Huh, you want some?
Come get it, I'm strapped now, I'm with it!
Fuck that nigga! [gun cocks]
Huh, you want some?