
It's Yourz
[Raekwon]
Machine gun rap for all my niggaz in the back
Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flashback
See through yellow lines
Rock a fly jersey in the summertime God
Magic marker rap, bleed Benatton
Relaxed, wrote this
Comin at cha crab ass cope and snatch ya ice off
Chillin in the back, throw the lights off
Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion
Thick snare, I'm feelin like a snail in the ocean
What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris?
Melodic single, dark snap a nigga just like fish
You fucked up, some rich niggaz you done test yo
Select the wrong apartment, and niggaz pulled up your dress
Style molest that, canal chain nigga where ya vest at
Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo
Saddam Hussein niggaz light the torch, we flamin niggaz
Autograph that, flatten all the main niggaz
[RZA]
(It's yourz!) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yourz!) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yourz!) The seed and the black woman
(It's yourz!) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yourz!)
(It's yourz!)
[U-God]
Yo, super freak physique like Raphael Saadiq
Baby love the ganja leaf, everday of the week
Superfriends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats
The night is right, I might find me a suite
It's a quarter full moon, now I ride with my swoon
Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room
Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom
Keep in stride, smoke the lai smoke the boom
Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes
Hell bound, species forty ounce typhoon
The ultra-violet scream machine move your body touch
The totem pole wobble Ark builders God rush
Beams of light, stop ya breathin, it's huntin season
Honey eyeballin down for no reason
Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors
Never mind the laws, cause tonight
(It's yourz!)
[RZA]
Stop the fader of the RAM, pass my watts through my pre-amp
Them can't stress the beat vamp the shit'll get blam
At full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle
Crack your skull like bottles, leave you stiff as models
You fag, you couldn't pull one drag off my blunt
You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag
With scissors in your hands, bitch, the RZA
I stand close to walls, like number four the lizard
Enchanted through solar panels, blast off like roman candles
Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wild Hoon McDaniel
You cocker spaniel dogs, can't fuck with our catalog
Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog
[Inspectah Deck]
It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you
The impact'll blow trees back and crack statues
Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit, explicit
I crystalize the rhyme so you can sniff it
We live this, fitted hats low, conceal the Crooked I
No surprise, verbal stick up, put em high
Rebel I, outlaw, split second on the draw
Blow the door off this shit like bricks and C4
[RZA]
(It's yourz!) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yourz!) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yourz!) The seed and the black woman
(It's yourz!) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yourz!)
(It's yourz!)
[Ghostface Killah]
Check out my beaver, baby blue glock in the safe
Seems Darthy and the God and get ski roll weight
We hold a belt son, that's my word
Spot a rapper run him down, throw him out in the third, yo check it
I think like the man behind a register
Evergreen smokin estates, rhyme and power made me treasurer
With third down, six to go, flash his strobe lights
I'm open, RZA hit me off lovely and I love him
With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday
The Babyface of rap, politic with Sade
Avengin eagle crooks, rock the W in Spiegel books
Anheiser Busch kings came through, and stopped your whole jooks
Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes
Painful like hearin the news, like when your man go
Ends blow, windy at times watch the room sheisty girl
Love to sit out this song, now watch your water break
[RZA]
(It's yourz!) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yourz!) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yourz!) The seed and the black woman
(It's yourz!) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yourz!)
(It's yourz!)