
I'ma say this and I'ma gettin mine. If you ain't down for the Africans
Here in the United States, period point blank. If you ain't down for the
Ones that suffer in South Africa from apartheid and shit. Devil you need to
Step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us Africans step in
And start puttin some funk in that ass
Break em off sometin
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand
The reason why they take me life and me?hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me gun goes click, me gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them rion in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
Niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock it down at seven o'clock, then again it's like Beirut
Me don't show no love 'cause it's us against them
Them never ever love me 'cause it's sport to break de
And kill at my own risk if I may
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest
Yes we have. There have been riots, ahh, rioting, well I don't wanna say
Rioting but there's been looting downtown, but right now Bree, what I want
To show you is, they have started fires down at the end of the street
How many niggaz are ready to lose?
Yeah, so what you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
I said how many niggas are ready to lose
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9
Nobody told us today, in otherwords
You're still a slave. No matter how
Much money you got, you still ain't shit
Sittin in my livin room calm and collected
Feelin mad, gotta get mine respected
'Cause what I just heard broke me in half
And half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the Row, is bailin
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad 'cause they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
They find that they couldn't handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
With the Ese's thumpin, nigga it's time ta rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I don't love dem so they can't love me)
Yo straight puttin down gettin my scoot on
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
And come up on me some furniture or sometin
Got a VCR
In the back of my car
That I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
'Cause they will see that I can't be stopped
'Cause I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop
There has been videotape and you can see of the, aah, some of the crowd
Throwin things at the officers
And swingin at them as well. Like there was a young woman there. You see
She took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand
How many niggaz are ready to lose?
Yeah, so what you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
I said how many niggas are ready to lose
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
One-time trigger happy, no nigga love
187 Time, time to grab the glove
Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away
Or get prints so my Uzi witta spray
POP POP POP another motherfucker drop
And I get relived like *?Bop Bop says?*
Smash, I crashed his head like a window
I ain't no dead do', I'm high off the indo
Creepin with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut
And cracker so now he best to back up
I guess I gots ta pack up, fillin the clip up, I zip up-
Town, the motherfuckin cops are all around
Helicopters flyin
These motherfuckers tryin
To catch me and stretch me on Death Row
But hell no's the poor black refuse to go
This is now coverin a very, very wide area of Los Angeles where these
Fires have been, aah, ignited. I mean, from here to the, aah, to the south
End of South Central is a long way
Break em off sometin