
Ice Cube Go To Church Lyrics
[Snoop Dogg]
You need to stop snitchin!
All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin
if you scared, go to church
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it
Whattup it's the big boss Dogg
Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C.
And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube
And I'm C-walkin on the mother concrete
[Intro: Ice Cube]
Yo if you're  up, put your cups up
Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, westside
See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler
Yo it's either thank ya, or it's  ya
[Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)]
I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!)
"Crunk Juice"  run the club that you in (HEY!)
You scary mother don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!)
You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?)
And if you walk by , I'ma knock fire 
from yo' , you can come try  (HEY!)
In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!)
I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth  (Mike Jones)
We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin
Look at Mr. Jackson,  with no reaction
If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts
That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt
Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey)
Lyrics full of steroids,  paranoid (hey)
And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up
When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no 
[Chorus 2X: Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)]
If you a scared mother mother go to church (GO TO CHURCH)
If you a gutter mother mother  do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT)
If you a down mother mother  put in work (A PUT IN WORK)
IF you a crazy mother mother  go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)
[Snoop Dogg]
Click clackin, -packin, Crip raggin folio
Who the only in the club with the toolio
You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is
"Is that Coolio?" Naw , let me in
Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers
Hang out with kidnappers and jackers
Make money off (what what); can you imagine how I keep crackin?
It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin
I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme
You don't really wanna have a clash with my team
I mix  I'm the, last of the kings
If I got a with me she got in them jeans
Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean
Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends
Just like that dopeman,  what's up?
You run up with that bull I'll yo' up
[Chorus]
[Lil Jon: repeat 2X]
You scared, you scared
You scared mother mother  you scared
You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared)
You scared mother mother  you scared (you scared)
[Chorus]
[Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)]
It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH)
Three for the , fo' for the glow (HEY)
Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH)
Seven for the numbers of them  zeroes (WHAT?)
Eight for haters, nine for the cause
Ten for my , behind big walls (HEY)
 these devils, and they laws (YEAH!)
Never question the size of Ice Cube's