
RBG's, RBG's, nigga it's that RBG's
RBG's, RBG's, nigga it's that RBG's
Tell me are you down? When it's goin' down
You got to hold it down, don't talk it put it down
Homey tell me are you down? When it's goin' down
You got to hold it down, don't talk it put it down
Homey tell me are you down?
Have you ever had a lesson from a OG?
From a nigga that's been in the war
Been locked up longer than I been on the earth
And his crime is defendin' the poor
And they can tell you bout death, tell you 'bout life
But most of all they tell you 'bout sacrifice
And they can tell if a woman ain't with you when you down
'Cause she never really could be your wife
What it mean to be D-O-W-N?
Is you homies still down when it's trouble you in?
You wanna have a good time make it hot
When the pigs come down on the block
Would they fuck with you then?
Now you wanna get high wit me, organize wit me
Start a clothes drive then maybe we can start a fire
Where my RBG's?  My guerillas wit a GUE
Don't got a I-Ching homey get free
Who number one when we ride? We follow the plan
And there's a role for every man
With a chain of command even when the shit hit the fan
Anything get outta hand we still stand
To me bein' down mean more than bein friends, or kin
We comrades we struggle, through any trouble
Sacrifice my life in combat for you
So you know I gotta love you I'm down for my brothers
And sisters, fuck the system, bust your pistols, nigga I'm with you
Just put a rag on ya face when you ride
You don't want them satellites to take your picture
We gotta have a lot of discipline and it comes from within'
It's not somethin' you pretend, homey
A lot of niggas be talkin' that shit
When it really goes down it be gone with the wind, homey
Can't be no tower, gotta get this power by any means
Gotta know yourself and your enemy
When you puttin' it down for your family
Can't tell by no tattoo, can't tell by no handshake
It's scarred in the heart, bein' down is an attitude
Doin' what you gotta do, for the crew's sake
My definition of a soldier, revolutionary, military minded
And ready for whatever
Nigga hope for the best and prepare for the worst
Stay aware be alert bomb first, don't tell
Tell me are you down? When it's goin' down
You got to hold it down, don't talk it put it down
Homey tell me are you down? When it's goin' down
You got to hold it down, don't talk it put it down
Homey tell me are you down?