
umm... goddamn... uh what the fuck, what time is it? i swear i parked my car... shit
aye... light hit my face sun brought the heat 
open my eyes see my car parked across the street
and then it hit i ain't really slept that long in a week
matter fact i don't even remember falling asleep
alantic office claimin j just keep calling the heat
is it an emergency or something you need to talk to me?
J said (i thought you needed to talk to me)
(If it's a change made aware i think i outta be
you making ultimatums now you don't talk to me
you make shit way worse then it outta be
i aint arguin on the phone come talk to me
ill be waitin on you dawg at the office peace)
Now im thinkin hard as i walk ot my house
the f***k have i done now, what could he be talkin bout?
i been stayin outta trouble shit i bin on the couch
i was workin on the album i was listenin now
then doug called (ay you spoke to J?)
Yea is it something i dont know that i was supposed to say?
all i know before the hour i awoke today
nigga commin wit the realist and he chose today
im real close to J i seen ups and downs hit
but i aint never heard him sound the way that he sounded
it really caught a nigga by surprise, i was astounded
he a real cool dude but why he call me clownin?
(you say'n you dont know bout it?)
know bout what?
(Atlantic records said you called the office and went nuts)
(makin death threats talkin loud gettin buck)
man they said i did what? folks im just gettin up
(say you waitin out your deal till you hear its up)
(planin to make away with 20 million bucks)
You bullshitin me right? is you serious brugh?
(yea they said you found out the rapper T.I.P wit us
I talked to Craig, Jewels and Kais a long time
long story short they said you don lost ya damn mind
and i runnun off deep and across ya damn mind
you crossed the thin line, i'm hearin em tell atlantic
its so much shit about cha, they dont give a shit about cha
say'n you ain't doin' nothing they couldn't have done without cha
you ain'y never been hotta, worked a whole lotta years and came up
to go way back to the bottom, what...)
man...what the hell is yall talkin bout? 
i been in the house all night
i don't know nothing bout that shit man
I got the album right here
man send this to em