
Nah y'all nah y'all uh-uh
I ain't disrespectin' though
I'm just sayin' it happen to me
It can happen to him
How you doin'?
What's your name?
Uh, mm, ha ha
Oh you're his girl
Hello my name is Mr. Goodbar, I'm came to offer champagne
Later on maybe I'll tell you my real name
But for now sip your drink and be merry
And be a nice girl and sing me a cherry
Me, I'll have a Cowa-loo and milk
'Cause champagne always stains my silk
You got a man? That's somethin' we will talk about
He's smart enough to have ya but dumb enough to let ya out
I like ya friendly bag your alligator shoes
Ya hairstyle and ya whole point of view
The way you lick your lips and stare
You tell me that's a habit hmm yeah
Funny coated legs, with not one scar
The stylish wardrobe is up the par
Here's my number, call me in my car
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar
So how long you been talkin' to him?
Word, nah he's cool with me, he's cool with me
Oh he loves you
Honey open up a bottle of brandy
Better yet have a piece of Cool J Candy
And sweat the man with the master disaster
Break ya like plaster-plan and
The cards on the table and the deal is dealt
Uh, I'm in the mood for a tuna milk
And I can't make you, I sure wouldn't rape you
Feelin' kinda mellow and I sure would
Hate to leave the job half-done
'Cause at a time like this you're the one
That I'm lookin' for, callin' on the floor, woof
I'm comin' back for more
If the Mona Lisa's name was Teresa
I'll get a piece-a of the Mona Lisa
Then smoke a cigar
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar
Yeah, so you be callin' on the request line
Ha ha ha ha oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh he's my man, word him too
Yeah I like Bobby Brown, tell him he's cool but
Don't be cruel 'cause you'll be on your own
'Cause my [Incomprehensible] my microphone
Come and get this ice-cream cone
Or I'll deliver it when your daddy ain't home
Grown and healthy that's how I like 'em
Big juicy legs and a nice pair of kegs
Hmm, Mr. Goodbar style
You haven't met a guy like me in a while
I jump out a cake, dance, play
Shake I ant got nobody by Jake
Smooth as Whitester extra dry Moetzer
Don and I'll slip it in your mouth like a Bon-Bon
You know what I'm sayin' baby? I'm Mr. Goodbar, yeah
So you know next time uh your man is out
Check [Incomprehensible], nah, nah he's cool
But my girl oh I don't know
Your man might be with her uh
You know what I'm sayin'?
But I'm with you, yeah Mr. Goodbar baby, uh
May I say may I say that outfit you got on
Slim, juicy lips so honey coated hmm
Yo he never says that to you
He never gives you compliments
Yo he be givin' you flowers baby
And tellin' you how much he cares for you
Does he hold you and caress you and give you affection?
I didn't think so