
Today, nobody cares
But tomorrow they will, they will
Today, nobody cares
But, oh, tomorrow they will, they will
They said my future was dark, you see me now?
Just look around, I'm beamin'
  (We are lasers)
They used to talk when I wasn't around
You see me now? I'm beamin'
  (We're not losers)
I get my energy from my inner G
I be in outer space, but I got inner peace
So tell my enemies that they can't injure me
I know that irritates, you have my sympathies
Well, you should protest, yeah, you should picket me
I'm on a losing strike, I'm on a winning streak
I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally
But that's a better places than where the benches be
I'm feelin' really good, me and different beat
Me and my different drummer, he play the timpanis
See, that's what got me here, you hearin' me
Me on my black man in the future shit, call me Billy Dee
See, I'm just forward looking, that's how I really see
See, while you Valentines, I'm thinking Christmas trees
And that's how this would be, even at Mickey D's
Semicolon, closed parentheses
They said my future was dark, see me now?
Just look around, I'm beamin'
They used to talk when I wasn't around
You see me now? I'm beamin'
Do you remember me, the guy from verse one?
Failure's my last name, never's my first one
You see I hood a lot, and yeah I nerd some
Hood's where the heart is, nerd's where the word's from
Don't represent either, because I merged them
It's kids who wanna leave, and I encourage them
Go out and see the world, never return from it
Yeah, you don't come back, unless you learn somethin'
And baby girl, what does it matter where your purse from?
Your hair done, your nails did, your ass fat, but you're dumb
Mix Melyssa Ford with Maya Angelou
Become a top model and Sojourner too
I try to follow this, what Muhammad do
It's such an old soul inside the sonic youth
Swear I'm Ferrari'd up, and I'm conscious, too
I don't prophesize: I promise you
They said my future was dark, see me now?
Just look around, I'm beamin'
They used to talk when I wasn't around
  (Lasers)
You see me now? I'm beamin'
Yeah, it's me again, the guy from verse two
Well, this the last one, it's almost curfew
It's almost night out, so turn your lights on
Where all my 760s, with ya brights on?
Yeah, they are the ones to keep your eyes on
Like how we used to do, to keep the house warm
Now those the type of eyes, I not cry from
You see the tears of fire run out my cryin' songs
Now the world's shoulders is what I'm cryin' on
The world's fast lane is what I'm drivin' on
What am I driving at? I'm tryna drive it home
I'm in the driver's seat, but you can ride along
It's never cyclops, it's never I alone
I'm tellin' your story wherever I perform
Now if they lookin' for me, you tell 'em I've gone
Out in the bright lights, right where I belong
They said my future was dark, see me now?
Just look around, I'm beamin'
They used to talk when I wasn't around
You see me now? I'm beamin'