
You know God, I just been, you know what I'm sayin'?
Doin' my regular thing man
So I'ma get back up with you though baby
Know what I'm sayin'? You know you my nigga kid
I'ma always come through for you baby
Yo man, you gotta understand, this shit is real though man
All the time, word, yo man, that's you man
Yo peace Rae, peace God
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
Whassup baby? God damn, look at you man
Damn God, I got a shit out you man
Man, I done watched you man
Since you was a little crumb snatcher
A little weed-hopper running around here man
Look at you baby, you look good
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
Understand, I watched you go through a lot of trials and tribulations
But you know something, like I used to always tell you baby
A good listener's a good learner
(G O D's my reality)
I see you listened very well, understand?
(I'm elevating strong and I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
Your time is coming baby
See sometime, it could be like, a rear view
You know what I'm sayin'?
And people don't know when their blessing comes
But I watch you grow, man you is a very intelligent man
Man, I watched you when I used to sit down and you would
Trick me out my money shootin' dice, niggaz is you crazy?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
(G O D's my reality)
Crazy you crazy man
Yo Rae, you remember that shit man?
When we used to be down there in the hills and shit man?
(I'm elevating strong I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
And you'd catch it, from Old Man Freed
He'd be yelling, "You little slick ass"
Ha ha ha ha
Talk to me baby, know what I'm sayin'?
Ha ha ha ha
I've been through all them things, man I'm watchin' you growin'
But remember one thing Rae like I used to tell you
The child you was is making you the man you is today
And if you don't know where you came from baby
You damn sure know that you don't know where you going
Can you see what I'm saying? Know which way you traveling
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
You understand? And follow that destiny, follow the light
And it'll set you free
(Oh, G O D's my reality)
'Cause I've watched you baby, you my main man, yeah
(We're elevating strong and we're going on to the highest degree)
Now that could be the Wu-Tang production
Start to knuckle up and, gun shots start to click the block's duckin'
Could it be, and would it be, that we was babies
Catchin', rabies, niggaz seem to act crazy
Day one, in my spot July the tenth
I had a mint, stickin' up Devine's hittin' them with nines
I was toxie, from layin up in Roxie's all night
This nigga bust a shot, lick my man's wife
It was havoc I contact the Abbot
He shook the shoulder though
Then he passed the phat chrome automatic
We goin' to war, you know we headed to the floor
He woulda, did it, for me fuck it, let's mosie
Schemin' dough, with the P.L.O., wrapped on tight
Sayin' in my mic, "Yo we gotta go"
My first impression was to add some lessons
Question, one, what made you even
Show your gun and blow the session?
He replied and rocked the green eye
And yo, he started, yellin', "Them niggaz sellin' two for fives"
But he's a goner and I got my corner
What, I'm feedin' my babies, Cash Rules for mortal daughters
Yeah, Rae baby
Feedin' my babies, Cash Rules for mortal daughters
Only God is the son of man
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
I'll say it one time, and be certain that fake God does not exist
(Oh, G O D's my reality)
(I'm elevating strong we're gonna go on to the highest degree)
This is why the universe, has itself balanced the scale
Of divine knowledge, and it was measured by the portion
Of solid knowledge, no man, can judge for another
But each man must weigh all facts and circumstances
And find truth in his own judgment of righteousness
See, the way to evil, balance equality in no man
For no man is good and bad at the same time
Either you good, or you bad