
Yeah, it's The Unit, man
Nobody do it like we do it you nah I'm sayin'?
Straight G's, nigga, G's up, nigga
Infamous Mobb Deep, nigga
Y'all know what time it is, man
We clip up over here, nigga
What's your name fool?
Capital P, Bandana P, V I P, M V P
R S V P or R I P, V S O P, A S A P
P C P, P get piecy with the hoes
First they gotta come bless me
I'm Heaven's gift, heavy on the wris'
Heavy on the waist, memorize what I say so
When this shit goes down
You won't be surprised how this shit turns out
I'm a gangsta, you try my hand and get cut
And hav by the raft for the A K dunn
I'm a menace, a millionaire, rich and I'm ruthless
You got plans at gettin' at P? Don't do it
I'm a terror, white people call me black hearted nigga
My baby mom's left me
'Cuz she couldn't put up with my foul attitude
I'm so fucked up, and I love it, it got me to where I'm at dunn
If I had it to do over, I wouldn't change a thing
I would still shoot at world and his mom'z for that chain
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way, what?
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way
What's your name fool?
Capital P, Bandana P, V I P, M V P
R S V P or R I P, V S O P, A S A P and
H A V, H get piecy with your hoes
First they gotta come bless me
I'm Heaven's gift, heavy on the wris'
Heavy on the waist memorize what I say
This is '06, '07, '08
You old school, fuck out my face
Who cares if you buyin' the rap
Now, these rich little bastards got it on smash
We a new breed, not from the same game
Cut from the same cloth not from the same vein
If money flyin' out your mouth from talkin'
Then no comprende, your language is foreign
If your body language don't calm down humbly
Homicide homie if you move too suddenly
And don't fidget with your fingers
'Cuz we would take that for a gang sign, nigga
Revenge is food that tastes best served cold
But we like it better when it's fresh off the stove
You could get keep your things, we want your soul
So hot, even Satan gotta go
What's your name fool?
Capital H A V O C, H class diamonds, H S B C
H killin' all these producers with his beats
Back seat of the H 3 you H O E
H A V, H get piecy with your hoes
First they gotta come bless me
I'm Heaven's gift, heavy on the wris'
Heavy on the waist memorize what I say
Yeah, haha
Hollywood hav, nigga, Las Vegas P, nigga, hah
Nyce nigga
Ya' niggaz know what time it is, man
Real G'z over here, nigga, hah
P, what's up, nigga? Give me the word nigga
I ride on these bitch ass industry niggaz all day, nigga
This is what we do, ya' heard?
Ha, ha, yeah man, we stuntin' them Porsches too, nigga
Back to back you bitch ass niggaz, yeah
We got money nigga
Holla at me you bitch ass niggaz
I hate ya' niggaz man, aha
I fuckin' hate y'all, man
Word up, man
But we ridin' out though you know ha I'm sayin'?
M B K style, Mobb Deep Style, nigga
Ya' niggaz know what time it is, nigga?
Ride out, nigga