
Yo Rich man, these girls ready to get busy?
Ah man, you know they on deck
Yo, what's up with they men, though?
Come on, men squares, man
Can't no square keep no woman
Right
I guess they just wanna find out
What it's like on the other side, shit
Girls wanna keep it real
Gotta love 'em for it
I love a woman with courage
Yeah, there she go right there, man
Yeah, I'm break her off somethin' proper
I'ma represent, check it out
Now although your friends warned you 'bout us Westside macks
Girl, you was willin' to take a chance and I respect you for that
And at last we're all alone, baby, just you and I, don't try to lie
I know what's on your mind, I'm lookin' straight through your eyes
So let that hair down and let that body go free
And come close because tonight it belongs to me
No brother's doin' it like this Westside mack
Ride you like my Chevy, hit that ass front and back
Now tell me
Now how does it feel to make love to a gee?
(How does it feel, baby)
Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me?
(Stay here with me, baby)
Now how does it feel to make love to a gee?
(All night long)
Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me
  (Come and roll, come on baby)
Now two hours done passed but then it's only gettin' better
My body is gettin' hotter while yours is gettin' wetter
Wanna roll up in your river like a steamboat
Pretend you're takin' a bath and I'm your piece of chalice soap
Oh my girl, can you feel what I'm feelin' now?
As you turn around I'm lookin' at that brown
Sugar fat coated ass, I just can't let it pass
Gotta move on it fast
Now tell me, baby
Now how does it feel to make love to a gee?
(Tell me baby)
Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me?
(Ooh)
Now how does it feel to make love to a gee?
(All night long)
Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me
  (Come and roll, come and roll)
Alright, check this out, girls
Me and my man Big Rich, we got an idea
Why don't we just use body language
Let our bodies do all the talking
And just kick back and enjoy the erotic conversation
Hello sunshine, now you did quite fine
Shall we rewind, relive these good times?
I feel your body gettin' hot again
Girl, don't you know I'm 'bout to dive on in?
It's never gonna stop until I know it's truly over
I got some more oil I wants to stick up in your motor
And kiss you on the grill, squeeze your headlights
Rub your bumper kitten, gettin' nasty like a triple-x rated flick
I know you're feelin' what I'm feelin', sexual energy
Time to chill and pour another glass of hennessy
I hit it again like a gangster should
And give you somethin' to tell them girls up the hood
Now how does it feel?
Now how does it feel to make love to a gee?
(Let me get my freak on)
Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me?
(Yeah)
How does it feel to make love to a gee?
Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me
  (Come on and jam with me)
Yeah, this is Ice-T and Big Rich signin' off
And to all the curious ladies out there
  (Do you wanna go back to your man or stay here with me?)
Take your chance
I promise, you won't be sorry
    (All night long)