
[Hook:]
Yeah, Yeah
Yeah, Yeah
Even though I'm makin money,
Even though I'm makin money,
(Gotta do, gotta struggle, gotta hustle, gotta do what I do...)
[Speech 1]
And I believe,
that we must confront the past,
in order to capitalize on the future,
because in our present times and turmoil,
it is inevitable, (we gon' do)
focus! did hear what I said?
I said focus, on our children.
We must concentrate on education,
and provide not only mental development,
but physical development,
so that we can stand united,
and kick our enemies' ass! (Yeaa!)
Can I get a witness?
Now, time is of the essence,
so stand tall, chest out, chin up,
proud to be a part of this nation of thugs, (Yeah, yeah)
and remember one thing: that the clock is tickin' (Yeah, yeah)
[Hook:]
Even though I'm makin money,
Even though I'm makin money,
(Gotta do, gotta struggle, gotta hustle, gotta do what I do...)
[Speech 2]
First off, I wanna know, how many people really beleive in the Lord,
because if ya don't,
I think you need to start answering the action,
because what I'm bout to say is just real, it's too real,
like me and my thugs, Bone Thugs, ya know what I'm sayin?
Ayy, why everytime we get mad?
I mean when we get mad,
Why we tear Bone shit?
That don't make no damn sense.
We gotta get it together, ya know what I'm sayin?
Woo!
I think I do everything for my babies cause I love my children.
I brought them here,
I give them my gene'ip (?) cause they mine.
We bringin you to thug nation,
An organization of nothin but thugs! Nothin but thugs! (Yeah, yeah)
We are, we are, the thug, nation! (Yeah, yeah)
[Hook:]
Even though I'm makin money,
Even though I'm makin money,
(Gotta do, gotta struggle, gotta hustle, gotta do what I do...)
[Speech 3]
Souljas, all places due to the gate. (?)
First and foremost,
I would like to read to you out of the book of Babylon.
Chapter one: it is written in brail.
What you feel tonight, is not just anger my children,
it is not just depression,
it is not confusion, it is seclusion.
From the same ghetto in which we have been institutionalized in have become our training camps.
If the minister of defense is here to you tonight,
to tell you that the target is no longer our brothers and sisters,
it is no longer our children.
Tonight is not the beginning,
it is the rejuvination of a revolution,
the revolution that our mothers and our fathers have abandoned us.
So I will struggle with you,
I will take counsel with you,
I will eat with you,
and may God be with all of us souljas.
I said may God be with all of us souljas.
For without we ain't think none of this would be possible.
Without further adue, I bring to you:
Chief Leathaface, my friend, and your chief:
Now where my thugs at?
I said where my God damn thugs at?
Now what we tryin to organize here today,
is more than just a gang of niggas.
We tryin to organize more than just a posse of niggas.
We tryin to organize a God damn army.
Now we didn't think we gon' keep it real,
but these other bitch niggas keep it fake.
We gon' let them motherfuckers know what's goin on down here in the God damn streets.
Can I get a hell yea? (Hell muthafuckin yea!)
Now I gotta explain the mission is to make money,
The enemy is the police, mista fed, mista CIA,
mista wanna see your thug ass in jail.
I think its time we start patrollin the pigs,
and let them see how it feels to be up under surveillance,
let them see how it feels to have they phone tapped,
let them see how it feels to have a strange car outside your mothafuckin house, (Yeah, yeah)
we got to rock. (Yeah, yeah)
[Hook:] (X2)
Even though I'm makin money,
Even though I'm makin money,
(Gotta do, gotta struggle, gotta hustle, gotta do what I do...)
Even though I'm makin money...