
(intro) This is 50. com exclusive
Ladies and gentleman, I know you where very surprised when you heard me the first time
50 cent is one for the president
I like to thank you for all in to toing in this DEBATES
Some really important issues to adress
And I lover to answer your questions to here y'all suggestions (Listen to this:)I got propose
I'm not another politician politicer
It's your boy (haha) 50! Here we go
(Verse)	Yeah, I done smoked a couple pounds but I ain't never in hell, been in Custody before, but never in jail!
Baby I love you like America don't talk to me blind
But I'll promise you baby if you do I black your eye!
See, the hood fucked up
I got a plan for the Chrys
Bring the dope in dem boys
And lower cocaine prices
This is stage one of my plan, I can take the pressure
When everybody how gives a buck by reception
Imagine gas price twenty dollars a giant
D's catch a nigger in hellen, they walk to the welln
My aims are to take away pain
It's okay... Get fucked up main
Got that purple... Roll that shit
Got the pillpops... Take that trip
Got the hennesy man take that sip
Pain can get away when you high as a motherfucker...
And when you think you know my style
Sursprise nigger, I diddn't changed it now!
5 years, I'm the nigga you been hatin on
December 9th, I'mma give you what you waiting for
Before I... Selfdestruct motherfucker
(outro) It's 50
I'm in Detroit right now!
I got eminem and rule, Dre in here
We putting it togheter
I'm in a...
I'm gonna hit the restart button
It would feel like I just started it all over
Like this is '03 and this is Get rich'
My album came in a full week movie
Feautered film, I feel the prince right now
It's like purple rain babie
hahahahahhaa
STUPID!
Reproduced and directed by: 50 cent starring
Curtis ''50 cent'' Jackson
(Crowd) WOOOOOOOHOOO
(50 cent) Clifp the bye
Tritch
Gave me your ca$h
Sound like I'm better then
And lite your engines
Shout out to all my niggers in Texas and new jeresy
Aight I gotta go work back on my album
CLASSIC
December 9th
50!
That's right 
Thisis50.Com!
On demand Entertainmant
PEACE!
OOh yeah ; Don't forget to vote for me