
[Birds whistling. Sound of someone walking through a wooded area. Silenced 
gunfire. Utterance of pain.] 
Pump your fists if you're with me. 
Pump your fists up if you're with me. Artillery, yeah!
Pump your fists up if you're with me.
Let us be victorious, be victorious.
Move out. Hut one, yeah. 
Hut two, hut three, hut, hut, hut, hut.
Silent Warrior. Witness the story of the Silent Warrior.
Listen to the story of . . . 
The world war has begun. We gettin' ready to fight, and if you ain't ready to die then don't be comin' outside. Spittin' fire, fire, baby, with plenty 
ammunition. The mission's complete, and nigga, I've been waitin' for this. 
Payback is a bitch, and the bitch is on the period. Figured you got niggas with attitude behind the trigger. Steady, we pumpin' our fists in black fatigues. We don't surrender. You wanna deal with us, get rid of us, split us? Come and get us, and when you come get us, remember bitch you gots to kill us. And you can surely believe that I, I'm bringin' all my ammunition with me tonight. Crooked coppers tryin' to kill us everywhere, 'cause we won't get the mark of the beast, no [Not me.]. Stay silent warriors. Silent warriors.
Silent Warrior. Witness the story of the Silent Warrior. Listen to the story of . . . If you can be heard, then you can be hit, and if you can be hit, then you can be killed. 
Better get ready for combat. When we aim to bomb back, we usually contact. 
Heated heavily, buckin' steady, lay 'em all flat. Crawl back, you muthafuckas, I repeat--retreat. With plenty heat, you'll be defeated. Aw, that bloody murda murda, baby. Silent situation is always the perfect assassination. Now, to the graveyard, nigga where your brave heart? You play hard, now it's time for me to break march, and take charge. We journey to the killin' fields, where the murda and the shit is real. Oh Lord, sweet Lord, sweet Lord, sweet Lord, comin' forth to carry me home, me home.
Silent Warrior. Witness the story of the Silent Warrior. Listen to the story of . . .
If you can be heard, then you can be hit, and if you can be hit, then you can be killed. 