
(Krayzie):
Why do I stay high? [repeat 4X]
(Bizzy):
Why do I stay high?
(Krayzie):
Why do I stay high?...
(chorus)
If I could teach the world (whole wide world) to be a thug in harmony,
harmony, then i would teach the world (whole wide world) to be a thugsta just
like me.   [repeat]
(Krayzie):
How many more day's on this old earth? Can you see?
Its blind to me. So we should get ready for Armageddon
cause I know God should be, ready to roll.
Do away with the wickedest shit like Mr. Policeman
and dog, if you with then wave your fist in the air and pray for the
politicians freely,
get an amen, the last day or the last day day day.
(Bizzy):
Thats why I stay high. That why I stay high...
I'm holdin onto my soul, but nobody know when all unfolds,
then when I go, go.
Remember the bad cause all of the good I found on my own
when Bone found Mo, muggin, thuggin through your door.
Hoes speakin of the last,
time when I'm past.
At trail, the wanted me to go down,
but I can't go wrong when I flip my song and turn it on.
Cause you love that thuggish, ruggish, bone, bone, bone bone.
Crossroads, wanna rule the world?
No I don't cause too many of us lost those who meant so much.
Why wasn't I chose?
But He will not stop clones, two shots don't drop Bone, no, oh, oh
and if I could teach the world to be a thug like me...
then they probably be thuggin in heaven eternally...
(Layzie):
Every day the world goes round and round
I see its a small world after all.
Cause I go meet and I greet with my fans,
smoke a little weed and we can have a little laugh with y'all.
But every now and then, I gets caught up in a playa hation
Lord, whats wrong with this nation?
Erase 'em.
But if I could teach the world to be a thug just like me
you could live your lifestyle worry-free
In the arms of the Lord eternally.
No Mystery
but check the essence of a story:
A warrior, wasteland warrior so true,
divine, its mine, East 1999,
its where your findin all of my kind, everytime.
[chorus]
(Krayzie):
We stand as united, but fall if divided.
My thugs is the tightest
but they only define us
as killers and fighters.
The critics and writers backstab our story.
The war to be warrior thats for sure.
And as thugs, we more more more.
(Wish):
I got, we got, to much shit to give
got shit to give, especially, but still understood by older folk, and little
kids
Common, all a y'all follow me.
Bone way to go, we know the way to go.
Follow me, follow me, Bone.
And thats why I stay high, cause I got shit to deal with:
The government and these playa hatas out to kill Wish, wanna hurt this, but uh
uh.
I got true Mo Thug niggaz you just can't fuck with,
artillery you just can come with.
Nigga better let it rest, shit.
To the little boys and girls all over the world:
This shit that we say is for the streets, not for you go to do or to repeat.
Please, if we can no more murder.
How must I say it? If we can no more murder.
[chorus]
(Krayzie):
Why do I stay high?   [repeat to fade]