
[esthero]
The world I know.. is a world too slow
Don't move fast enough.. keep your head low
The world I know.. is a world much too slow!
Can't move fast enough chi-ild
You better stay on the low child!
[t-mo]
Uhh, my eyes are a glare
Uhh, I'm lookin up at this world from a stare
And really don't know which way i'ma turn
I could get burned upon contact
I'm makin a bad decision, to get my pockets fattened one day
Support the very thang, that supported me, my family
Gave me love, yes we struggle, and some do hustle
And forced to fly knuckle, for a better future in this game
Do yours thang, get yours cheese, and work to be free
[gipp]
Remember me, from the state of the peace dream
Mountains to the red dirt, damn it hurt, but it feel good
To watch my small time grow to a big city
Mo' flow, when the time's no snow, big frontyards
To backyards, with the porches, lemonade
To the pine tree shade
Trunk gangsta fade, womens everywhich-a-way
If you missin out you trippin, gipp dippin
Lovin all this country livin', baby check it
[esthero]
The world I know.. is a world too slow
It don't move fast enough
You better keep your head low!
The world I know.. is a world much too slow!
If you can't move fast enough chi-ild
You better stay on the low child!
[cee-lo]
Yes, this is an invitation, to indulge in interpretation
Literal lyrics of, liberation, pressures I'm takin
Makin the needed sacrifices 'fore a crowd prevent us
I'ma portray all the virtues, and vices, conveyin the contents
A blue prism with four elements creates if the team doesn't
Conflict what compliments, common sense, enter a mission wise
Front rise to action and the consequence
Better miss the ending in all realities
There they ever lies tryin to leave
Faces not seen but you feelin, they'll, still believe
Witches push a sun
But this is how we've overcome the obstables of oppression
Overpowering where we from
You, suckers prepared the dream for me
And others tell like it is, while i
Tell it how I would like it to be
And we don't ration compassion, we give our own for y'all
So why's our side the one that's always numb? 
Why is our following so strong?  come on come on
[esthero]
The world I know.. is a world too slow
Don't move fast enough.. keep your head low
The world I know.. is a world much too slow!
If you can't move fast enough chi-ild
You better stay on the low child!
And I wanna live, in the passenger seat of a car
We can drive around all night
We wouldn't have to go too far
Just look at the stars
Mmm-mmm-mm-mmhmmmmm
This night could be ours
Mmm-mmm-mm-mmhmmmmm
[khujo]
Yo, yo, yo, yeauh
Profound, dreamy, defused
It's difficult to fear down rules, bad enough to set them
Often attracted to highly, imaginative objectives
Energy, exert, an irresistable magnetic
Influence, able to dissolve away barriers
Of a more rigid and absolute nature, mutating
Flexible, varied, thus, enabling me to adapt
To these circumstances, easily bold, and I can demand
Lots of excitement, seeking a change of scenery
More often than most, for worse or for better
I sees them, seldom happier than, when in motion
Emotionally unstable, neptune is, still in progression
In a counter-clockwise direction
Designated as the winter solstice
A representative of rebirth, quadrant number fo'
Thought, a mode of apprehension, omnipotent
[esthero]
The world I know.. is a world too slow
Don't move fast enough.. keep your head low
The world I know.. is a world much too slow!
If you can't move fast enough chi-ild
You better stay on the low child!
The world I know.. is a world too slow
Don't move fast enough.. you better keep your head low!
The world I know..