
Baby you understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel?
When everything goes wrong you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood
Misunderstood ain't gotta be explained
But you don't understand me, so let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flames, the snow
Please slow down hurricane
The wind blow, my dreads swang
He had hair like wool, like Wayne
Dropping ashes in the Bible
I shake 'em out and they fall on the rifle
Scary, Hail Mary, no tale fairy
All real, very extraordinary
Perry Mason facing, the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge, no gown, no gavel
I'm a rebel, down to battle
Now or never, I would never in the ever
Fucking fantastic, fuck if you agree
I'm bright but I don't give a fuck if you see me
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood
What's understood ain't gotta be explained
So for those who understand, meet Dwayne
For 8 and a half months I gave Ms. Cita pain
Now it's young money baby, keep the change
My mama say, "Fuck 'em!" And we the same
So hello motherfucker you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like easter Sunday?
You know church fit then outfit
Bright pink and green chest look house lit
Bright pinky rings but that ain't about this What you 'bout bitch?
Excuse my French emotion in my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you asking? If I don't have the answer
It's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand, 'cause you thought Lil Wayne is Weezy
But Weezy is Wayne
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood
I was watching TV the other day, right?
Got this white guy on there talking about black guys
Talking about how young black guys are targeted
Targeted by who? America
You see 1 in every 100 Americans are locked up
One in every 9 black Americans are locked up
And see, what the white guy was trying to stress was that
The money that we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail
A young motherfucker to jail
Would be less to send his or her young ass to college
See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that
Our jails are populated with drug dealers
You know, crack cocaine? Yeah, stuff like that
Meaning, due to the laws we have on crack cocaine and regular cocaine
The police are only, I don't want to say 'only,' right, but shit
Only logic by riding around in the hood all day and not in the suburbs
Because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood
And, um, you know the other thing is mostly found
You know where I'm going
But why bring a motherfucker to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court?
Because this drug ain't that drug
You know level 3, level 4 drug, shit like that
Ha ha ha, mmm hmm, I guess it's all a misunderstanding
And um, I sit back and think, well shit, us young motherfuckers
You know, that 1 in every 9
We're probably only selling the crack cocaine just because we in the hood
And it's not like they're suburbs, we don't the things that you have
Why? Ha, I really don't wanna know that answer
I guess we're just misunderstood huh, yeah
You know we don't have room in the jail now for the real motherfuckers
The real criminals, you know sex offenders
Rapists, serial killers, shit like that
Oh, don't get scared, don't get scared
I know you saw one them sex offenders papers
Don't trip, he live right on the end of yo' block
Mmm hmm, yeah, that nigga live right down the street from you
Sex offender on the level 3 drug
Convicted, ex-con, yeah check 'im out
Hey, what you got? You got a daughter, son? What you got?
Ha ha yeah, you know what, that's the good weed
You know what? I have a fucking daughter, you understand me?
And why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail
Just because the reason why he live next door to me
Ain't the reason why I live next door to him
Meaning, he didn't rap his way to my fucking neighborhood
He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood
You move him out, bring him to jail for life
And then you move in a sex offender, ha ha ha, they give me a paper
Ha ha ha, is that a misunderstanding? 'Cause I don't understand it
Another thing, let me take my glasses off
'Cause I wanna see the reaction on the faces when I say this
Uh, Mr. Al Sharpton, here's why I don't respect you and nobody like you
See, you're the type that gets off on getting on other people, ha ha
That's not good, no homo and rather unhuman, I should say
I mean giving the fact that humanity, well, good humanity rather
To me, is helping one another, no matter your color or race
But this guy and people like him
They'd rather speculated before they informate, if that's a word, ha ha ha
You know, spec before check?
Anyway meaning I'd much rather you talk to me first
And see if you can lend an opinion before you make one
Just my thought of good humanity, Mr. Sharpton, ha ha ha
Hold on I ain't finished with you man
I gotta pluck the ashes, mmm hmm, hold on
Um, Mr. Sharpton and anyone like you, you don't know me
So if you're not going to try to, then what you say or think about me
Are whatever I do is totally Casper the friendly ghost to me
And it doesn't make you a good person to criticize before you improvise
Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person either
But the characteristics for heading into bad's way, ha ha ha
But since I am human, I am good and bad, as well
But I try my hardest to stay good
And some of the things I do and say may be bad
Or just not too good, but I do try
So with that said I don't fault you
I mean, you're only human, good or bad
But I also don't respect you and I don't care if that's good or bad, ha ha
You see you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson, you're a nobody to me
You're just another Don King, with a perm, ha ha ha
Just a little more political
And that just means you're a little unhuman than us humans
And now let me be human by sayin' fuck Al Sharpton and anyone like him
Fuck if you understand me, I love being misunderstood
Ha ha, why? 'Cause I live in the suburbs but I come from the hood
Bring the hook in
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood